A Touch of Praise — the Other Side - Chapter 1 - Gwendolyn (storiesofchaos) - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24136114 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-15
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  14218
Chapters:  1/3
Comments:  2
Kudos:  12
Bookmarks:  3
Hits:  149
Rating:  Explicit
Archive Warning:  No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:  M/M
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy
Relationship:  Obi-Wan Kenobi/Anakin Skywalker
Characters:  Obi-Wan KenobiAnakin SkywalkerJedi Council
Additional Tags:  Master & Padawan Relationship(s)Angst and Hurt/ComfortAnal SexOral SexPraise KinkLight Dom/subHair KinkOr more like padawan braid kink lolMasturbationNo Underage Sexonce again gratuitous use of pet names and 'master'Top Obi-Wan KenobiBottom Anakin SkywalkerIdiots in LoveRimmingAnal Fingeringall that good stuffA lil bit of virginity/inexperience kinkand a dash of size kinkFirst Time
Language:  English
Series:  ← Previous Work Part 2 of the A Touch of Praise series

Summary:
"Obi-Wan has never felt so terrible.


Chapter 1: I
    
Chapter Text

It all starts with a bit of praise. Anakin has finally mastered an advanced move with his lightsaber after a long day of practicing, and now Obi-Wan has a stitch in his side and his chest has started heaving erratically. Regardless, he is very proud of his Padawan, who is in a similar state of exhaustion but looking pleased with himself. 

"Very good work, Anakin!" Obi-Wan praises, clapping him on the shoulder. He feels like he is giving him more praise than usual lately, but tells himself it's because the boy genuinely deserves it and not because he flushes so beautifully every time he compliments him. 

No. Absolutely not.  

Anakin wavers a bit under his touch, eyes wide and glowing, and Obi-Wan swallows, stamping down the sudden urge to swoop him up in his arms and protect him, love him, that seems ever present these days. So he just sends his Padawan to the 'freshers, feeling slightly sick with himself. 

***

It's not very much later when it happens. He has accepted Master Yoda's request to meditate in the gardens together, finding peace and solace as easily as usual. And then he feels it. 

A strange murmur through his and Anakin's bond, so sudden and strong that his eyes snap open. And then his body grows hot because he can tell that Anakin is thinking about him right now. . . and not at all in a way that's appropriate for a Padawan to be thinking of his Master. He swallows thickly. He has sensed this before, sometimes when Anakin masturbates and his emotions are too intense that they accidentally filter through their bond, but there's never been an instance where he felt he needed to talk to Anakin about it. There's never been anything quite like  this. 

They are only fleeting glimmers at first, almost too fast for him to catch, fragments of words and thoughts and images that cascade from Anakin, more broken than when he's, well, less occupied. He tries to breathe in deeply again, to shield Anakin's Force presence away from him and focus on his meditation, but to no avail. He's starting to sweat, fingers twitching against his legs, and Yoda is obviously aware something is up, by the way he sighs and begins to speak calmly.  

"Restless you are, Obi-Wan. Go and find inner solitude, you must." Obi-Wan stands up waveringly and gives a distracted nod, before remembering his place and bowing before Master Yoda. Though maybe not as gracefully as usual. 

"Thank you, Master." He all but flees when he's out of Yoda's sight, coming to a stop in an empty hallway. He rests his head against the cool wall and squeezes his eyes shut, trying to catch his breath. Yet their bond is only lighting up more, getting increasingly more intense and powerful, and Obi-Wan knows Anakin's getting close. A sudden thrill runs through him at the thought, but then he feels a bit ill again. This is Anakin's alone time, and even if Anakin isn't properly shielding his thoughts, Obi-Wan shouldn't be present to this. 

But he is, and there's no escaping it, not when Anakin suddenly reaches his peak and everything gets all the more consuming, and Obi-Wan can only shudder against the wall, hands curled tightly into fists so that he doesn't give in to his own desires. 

He does anyways later in the 'fresher, and lasts for the shortest amount of time he's gone since he was a Padawan himself. He jerks himself off under the warm spray of water to flashes of flushed, sweaty skin and lightsaber-blue eyes. 

Afterwards, he's only a little guilty that he's inexplicably happy that Anakin thinks of him in that way too. 

***

The next day, he seems even more aware of Anakin than ever before. He innocently asks him if he had rested well, and Anakin suddenly blushes and looks away, making Obi-Wan unwillingly remember the events of yesterday. It doesn't help when Anakin distractedly licks some stew off his finger at lunch, and oh gods, he should  not  be reacting this way to the innocent gesture. Kriff. 

Anakin later fiddles with his Padawan braid as he reads something, and Obi-Wan's eyes are drawn to it. He's always been proud when Anakin earns another bead, to see the little braid hanging from him everyday as a physical symbol of his training, his status, and now Obi-Wan's stomach swoops as the thought comes that this also symbolizes that Anakin is  Obi-Wan's. But no. Anakin wouldn't like that, not after being a slave as a child. 

Shove the thought far away. 

But then, oh why does he suggest hand-to-hand combat as their training today? It goes as well as usual, but then Anakin gets the opportunity to knock him over and pin him down by the hands. Obi-Wan is winded by the abrupt shift, so he doesn't notice at first that Anakin is straddling him, looking down with a victorious smile on his face, eyes shining. Obi-Wan's eyes flick down to Anakin's lips before he can stop himself, but then he quickly recovers, suddenly embarrassed. 

He praises Anakin again once they awkwardly extract themselves and get to their feet, but he can't take pleasure in how it affects Anakin this time, feeling like he'll do something utterly stupid if he looks for just a second longer at the young man. 

Fucking hell. He needs to get a grip on himself. 

*** 

Afterwards, he sits back on his bed with his eyes closed, trying to take a quick nap while Anakin is otherwise occupied elsewhere. He jumps when the door to their quarters suddenly opens, and he hears Anakin's footsteps practically race to his own room before the door slams shut. Apparently he's in a hurry, but as long as he doesn't come barging into Obi-Wan's room, he's probably fine. Lately he has to hold himself back from following Anakin everywhere, making sure he's okay and not doing anything stupid, since technically his Padawan is  old enough to make his own decisions now. 

Speaking of Anakin being  old enough. He feels that now-familiar tingle between their bond, and Obi-Wan groans exasperatedly. Anakin can bar his thoughts and feelings as if with a steel wall when he really wants to, but apparently he's too distracted in his alone time. Obi-Wan frowns uncomfortably, but can't help the also-familiar thrill that goes through him at Anakin touching himself in just the other room. 

Unbidden, as if from a waking dream, fragments of images and thoughts drift through his mind from Anakin. Obi-Wan running his hands over Anakin's inner thighs, making the boy shiver. Gently kissing up his belly and to his nipples. Fingers skimming up Anakin's arched neck, sliding over plush lips, slipping inside to feel the warm heat of his mouth. A sudden stream of consciousness flashes through, making Obi-Wan gasp, biting down forcefully on his lip to prevent any other noises from finding their way out, because  kriff, Obi-Wan can  not  be thinking of all the ways Anakin wants Obi-Wan to use his Padawan's mouth. 

He can't make anything out for a little while except a jibberish of  pleasure  and  more, meaning Anakin is doing something that feels really good. Obi-Wan realises how tense he is from holding back, but how goddamn hard he is too, entire body practically throbbing with it. He doesn't even notice at first how his hand has found its way to the waistband of his pants, how it's subconsciously sliding under. He jerks it away like he was burned, breathing heavily. The intensity of their bond doesn't let up, only getting stronger, and he closes his eyes, shuddering. But his resolve is finally breaking. 

Obi-Wan swallows and allows his hand back under his trousers to grip at his cock, stuffing his fist across his mouth when he almost makes a noise at the feeling of it, hot and pulsing in his hand. And then — oh fuck. Anakin is thinking of him again, thinking about what it would be like if Obi-Wan went into his room and discovered him on his bed like that, debauched and open and so very good for him, and of Obi-Wan taking over and fucking him into the mattress. It's almost too much, too quickly, and Obi-Wan can't stop the furious pace of his fist on his cock, hips twitching up and chest starting to hurt from trying to keep all his noises contained. 

Some insane part of him thinks that he  could  just go to Anakin's room and replace his fingers with his cock, that Anakin  wants  him too. He's able to rein himself in from actually doing it, but he allows his mind to wander, to imagine how Anakin's face would look when he's so ruined, how flushed and gleaming and desperate. His handful of awkward fumblings as a Padawan himself certainly wouldn't compare to the beauty of Anakin, to how perfect and good he would be. Obi-Wan wants him to feel pleasure, to praise him excessively, and to feel him come apart around Obi-Wan's tongue, his fingers, his cock. 

Anakin about to reach his climax only intensifies Obi-Wan's own pleasure, like for a moment he's sharing what Anakin feels. It's overwhelmingly good, better than it's felt in a long time, though normally he doesn't let himself get carried away so much. But he feels the familiar buildup rising in him, and all thoughts are driven from his mind but to  come. And then he feels it — the mini explosion from Anakin's side of the bond, of it being so lit up and electrifying, and Obi-Wan knows Anakin just came. 

The thought makes him exhale loudly, wrist twisting just right until he can't fight it anymore and he forcefully catapults over that edge. It feels like it lasts forever, until he's in that stage where the pleasure fizzes slow and honey-sweet through him, feeling boneless and like he's floating. 

He feels wrung out and strangely lonely without that same intensity and connection from their bond, of his fantasies, and he cools down in the aftermath feeling a little unsatisfied after all. 

***

"Have you had any romantic relationships before, Master?" Anakin asks suddenly, disrupting their companionable silence. Obi-Wan looks up, bewildered, not prepared for this question at all, though Anakin does look a little apologetic as he shifts awkwardly in his seat. 

"Anakin!" Obi-Wan responds sharply, willing himself not to blush. "That's hardly an appropriate question for you to be asking me right now." They're in the Temple library, Obi-Wan going through some crucial information on the planet their next mission is located on, while Anakin stares moodily at the ceiling, not helping at all. Obi-Wan hasn't reprimanded him, finding he doesn't want to think much about Anakin at all today because of, well,  Obi-Wan getting off to him, and doesn't want to cause any embarrassment or strain to their relationship. But still he hadn't expected Anakin to ever actually go forward with his feelings for his Master. Even though he  knows  Anakin always fights for what he wants. 

"I was . . . just wondering," Anakin replies quietly, not quite able to meet Obi-Wan's gaze. Obi-Wan swallows but tries to hide his nervousness by narrowing his eyes. 

"I had some . . . some experiences as a Padawan," he finally replies. "Only to get rid of physical needs. If you find yourself in need of, well,  assistance, copulating with another Padawan is not necessarily forbidden." He can tell that Anakin is barely refraining from scoffing at his language, and Obi-Wan feels ridiculous too, extremely flustered and feeling very not in his element. Talking about  copulating with Anakin. Good grief. 

He tries to pretend he's still reading the data, but then Anakin keeps talking. "But what about your old Master, did you ever—" Obi-Wan's blood runs cold. 

"Anakin," he says, abandoning all pretense of reading the data, eyes sharp on Anakin. "If you know what's best for you, you will stop talking."

Anakin huffs dejectedly, and flops back in his chair, resuming his process of counting all the columns above them. "Fine." 

Perhaps he shouldn't have been so strict. Anakin could simply just be curious. Maybe he even likes another Padawan. 

Damn it. Sudden jealousy surges through him, making him feel a bit sick yet again.

***

The mission goes smoothly, Anakin succeeds very well, and Obi-Wan is reprieved of his worries of the past week by the familiarity of their good teamwork. He's rebandaging a laser burn on his arm while Anakin puts the ship through hyperspace, when Anakin suddenly speaks. 

"Are Master and Padawan relationships really forbidden?" Obi-Wan freezes, hesitating to say anything as he looks up and wets his lips. 

"If you mean relationship as in romantic or sexual, they are not exactly forbidden, but are typically looked down upon by the Jedi," he says eventually, hoping he sounds smooth and going back to his bandages. 

"But why!?" Anakin exclaims petulantly, like Obi-Wan knew he would. He sighs, fighting off a burgeoning headache. 

"Because of the power imbalance. Masters are supposed to teach and guide their students, and anything else is a betrayal of that bond."

"That's bantha poodoo," Anakin replies sulkily, sinking further down into his seat and crossing his arms. Obi-Wan knows his Padawan is treading into dangerous territory. "But what if they love each other? Surely—"

"Anakin," Obi-Wan says, finally looking up at him again and speaking softly, "there is no point in arguing with me, I don't have the power to influence changes to the Code. It doesn't matter if it's love, because that is attachment." He pushes away thoughts of not really believing this Jedi value very much, wanting to be the best example he can be for Anakin. "This is the way."

Obi-Wan can tell Anakin is upset, and he himself is confused, not sure how to handle Anakin's reactions or what it is that Anakin wants to hear. "We're not Mandalorians. If the Jedi had more emotion maybe they wouldn't be such grumpy old pricks all the time—"

"Anakin . . ." Obi-Wan replies warningly, hoping the boy will stop before he makes things worse between them. 

"Qui-Gon believed there should be more love, right? He would have disobeyed the Code." Anakin's eyes flash and his chin juts out as he stares at his Master defiantly. Obi-Wan feels like he's been slapped, as a tumult of emotions and memories long hidden finally bubble up. 

"Don't  talk about things you don't know, Padawan," he hisses, before wrenching the cockpit door open and sitting down heavily on a chair. He puts his head in his hands, and the silence but for the mechanics of the ship makes his ears ring. 

Anakin doesn't come after him, and Obi-Wan doesn't go back to the cockpit until they're about to land. 

***

The tension is thick between them, and by Master Yoda's knowing gaze, he can tell something has shifted in their relationship. He tries to act normally, but it is hard when Anakin is being so quiet and reserved, so polite and distant. It's unnerving. 

It reminds Obi-Wan of when Anakin had just become a Padawan, when the full gravity of how his life had so suddenly changed finally weighed on him after his initial excitement. He was taken from his mother to a whole new life, worlds away, without anyone he trusted — without his mother, Qui-Gon, Padmé. He was stuck with Obi-Wan, who he barely knew, who was struggling with his own grief over his late Master and his sudden task of taking on a Padawan for the first time, one who is said to be the  Chosen One for kriff's sake. Anakin had been so detached for a while until he finally came out of his shell, and showed his emotional, reckless, brave self. It had taken a long time and lots of inner frustration within them both, and he doesn't want to see Anakin like that ever again. 

It's this that finally makes himself take Anakin aside after a few days and truly talk to him once more. "You're not yourself, my Padawan," he says sternly, but with kindness. "Let us go meditate in the gardens." 

Anakin still looks unsure when he sits down on a mat next to him in the garden, though Obi-Wan can see that he's slowly starting to relax, to not be so rigid. Obi-Wan knows Anakin doesn't particularly enjoy meditation, or at least doesn't allow himself the energy to master it, but he thinks his Padawan needs this peacefulness, to show him he's not truly mad at him. He guides him through the process between their bond, hearing Anakin match his breathing. 

He lets them sink into their reverie for a little while, and Obi-Wan acknowledges how much he needed this for himself as well, to feel so at peace with Anakin by his side. Then he gently breaks the silence as he opens his eyes, looking at Anakin trying so hard to stay relaxed and weightless. "I am sorry Anakin for being so strict with you. I know being curious is a part of growing up." Anakin's eyes slowly open to meet his own. 

"No, I shouldn't have pushed you so much, Master," he says, lowering his eyes. "It wasn't fair. I'm just . . . confused I guess." He huffs a laugh and looks away awkwardly. The love for this boy nearly overpowers Obi-Wan for a moment, and his heart squeezes. 

"Remember you can always come to me with any  reasonable  questions, alright? You needn't be afraid to ask what you really want to know and not dance around the subject with potentially harmful ones." Now his smile turns playful. "If  you don't mind getting advice from a … what was it? Grumpy old prick like me?" He laughs and Anakin does too, looking relieved. Obi-Wan feels much better now, even if he still wants to kiss his Padawan fiercely into the mat. 

Fuck. 

***

Obi-Wan suggests they go to their favorite cantina for Anakin's 19th birthday, which in hindsight might not have been one of his better ideas. It's a nice, cozy, and relatively trouble-free place amid all the other options on Coruscant. He feels okay with bringing Anakin there when they can let their guard down and not worry about being caught up in something, and now that Anakin is completely legal to have whatever alcoholic drink he likes, Obi-Wan lets them go there for the night, as his treat. 

Anakin is visibly excited, which is to be expected, though Obi-Wan tells him to go easy unless he wants to be sick all over Master Windu's feet tomorrow when they're brought before the Council. He doesn't think Anakin listens though, instead immediately getting a much-too-big glass of Kri'gee that probably has enough alcohol content to knock a bantha off its feet. Obi-Wan grimaces into his Jawa Juice but tells himself not to act as his overbearing Master right now. Tells himself that Anakin deserves that much, at least. 

They talk easily about whatever next to each other at the bar, Obi-Wan surreptitiously watching Anakin get adorably flushed as he drinks more. He gets a bit worried when Anakin gets another one, but he tells himself he'll be fine. Obi-Wan rambles on about his Padawan days, the slight tinge of alcohol in his veins, along with the familiar, friendly atmosphere making him a bit too sentimental. By Anakin's third glass though, he doesn't think he's listening anymore, eyes glazed over and giggling over anything. There must be more alcohol in there than Obi-Wan expected, besides the fact that Anakin definitely isn't used to this much in his system yet. 

Anakin's head eventually droops heavily onto Obi-Wan's shoulder, a large grin plastered onto his face. "Okay, I think you've had enough," Obi-Wan says, frowning. He gently prises the drink out of Anakin's grasp and sets a few credits down onto the bar, before leading the clumsy Anakin to their ship. Anakin seems half-asleep by this time, though looking a little sick as they fly back to the Temple, even with Obi-Wan going as gently as possible. 

Thankfully not many people, especially older Masters, are around the Temple at this time of night to offer their disdain for Anakin's condition, who goes easily enough, though he doesn't seem to want to let Obi-Wan go once they reach their respective bedrooms. "Drink some water and I'll help you into bed," Obi-Wan says softly, but Anakin just turns in his grasp and pouts, though he suddenly careens over into Obi-Wan, who catches him. Anakin's grin only grows.

"Do you know, I  reeeally  want you to fuck me?" Anakin giggles. "Isn't that funny? You're so kriffing "sophisticated," but like, I really want you to put it in me and stuff me with—" he's silenced by a hand suddenly on his mouth, Obi-Wan feeling extremely mortified and bewildered and turned on. He goes to move his hand away, but before he can, Anakin takes a finger into his mouth, moaning and never straying his hooded eyes from Obi-Wan's gaze. Obi-Wan forgets his place for a second and zeros in on the sight, feeling heat rush to his groin, before intense guilt settles in again. 

"Stop, Anakin." He says in finality, and Anakin  whines  as if missing Obi-Wan's finger in his mouth. "You're not in your right mind. Come with me." He leads him to Anakin's bedroom and helps him lie down, before placing a glass of water next to the bed and moving to the door to leave. He hesitates at the sight of Anakin though, collapsed on top of his blankets in his ruffled robes, eyes starting to water.

"Don't go, Master," Anakin sniffs, and he looks so  helpless  that it hurts. He groans, rubbing his head, swaying slightly.  

"Goodnight, Anakin." Obi-Wan says softly, but it takes everything in him to turn around and leave the room. 

***

Obi-Wan wakes feeling well rested, until his heart plummets to his feet when he remembers what happened last night. But after some meditation, he tells himself that if he cares about Anakin, which he does, he  will  do the right thing. And that is to treat him as he always does and pretend like nothing happened. 

He fetches the remedy that will rid Anakin of his inevitable hangover, and sits in his chair to wile away the morning by browsing through his datapad. It's a while before Obi-Wan finally hears a low groan coming from Anakin's room, and then a few select curses. Obi-Wan smiles to himself, remembering his first experience with getting drunk, and not envying his Padawan at all. 

Anakin eventually shuffles out of his room, looking bleary-eyed and squinting against the light. His hair is adorably mussed, and he's still in his robes from last night, and oh goodness, the slight imprints on his cheek from the pillow should not be so endearing. 

"Ah, here's the sleepyhead! How was the first night of proper drinking for you?" Obi-Wan jokes as best he can, pointing to the purple drink and ending Anakin's sleepy search for the remedy. Anakin just grunts noncommittally and scowls, though his mouth twitches up behind his raised glass. 

***

But Anakin still seems worried about that night. He doesn't mention it, and Obi-Wan doesn't either, but he can tell that Anakin is thinking an awful lot about it. 

He seems distracted sometimes while he's with Obi-Wan, and on one of these occasions they're sparring. Anakin is sloppy today, making silly mistakes he's usually able to avoid but would cost him dearly in a real fight. Obi-Wan reprimands him once, which seems to shake Anakin out of his thoughts a bit, but then he sinks right back into them. 

He has to stop the Anakin eventually, and asks why he can't concentrate. Anakin blushes profusely, even with his face already red from the exertion. 

"Oh, well, you know that night we uh, well, my birthday, you know, the Kri'gee, it, well—" 

Obi-Wan takes pity on the boy. "Anakin, it's fine. I'll act like it never happened." He tries to say this as normally as possible, and smiles comfortingly at him. Anakin smiles back, even if it is a bit weak. 

***

"Anakin, your braid—" Obi-Wan says, moving towards Anakin without thinking. They're freshly washed and changed after arriving back to the Temple after their latest mission, ready to report to the Council. Anakin's Padawan braid is caught under the layers of his robes, and Obi-Wan doesn't stop to think, just gently tugs it out from under them. Anakin suddenly gasps in response, making Obi-Wan pause to look at him, not letting go. 

He can't help but pull on the braid a little harder, enough that it makes Anakin's eyes flutter shut as he releases a soft moan. Obi-Wan stares at him as if transfixed, completely and utterly drawn to the young man in front of him that responds so beautifully and so  easily. He feels like there's an irresistible pull between them, their bodies unconsciously dragging them towards the other. Obi-Wan licks his lips, close enough to Anakin to feel his breath, to see him shiver slightly. 

"Master, please—" Anakin says breathlessly between them, and oh gods, that  voice—

No. 

Obi-Wan steps away quickly, letting the braid swing back into place, cursing himself for ever touching it in the first place. He feels horrified, eyes glancing over Anakin, where confusion and hurt are swiftly replacing the expression of pleasure. It pains him to cause harm to Anakin like this, but he  has  to. He couldn't bear it if he hurt him even more by actually entertaining the idea of their being together. 

"We better go to the Council now," he says finally, voice rough as he tries to swallow. He feels dizzy as he turns and walks out the door, pinching himself to keep from looking back at Anakin. 

***

He thinks that the report doesn't go over too well, goes horrible in fact. He knows the Council sees right through him, because of  course  they do, one doesn't need Jedi mind tricks to notice the awkwardness between him and Anakin. Obi-Wan struggles to act and talk normally, and it doesn't help that Anakin is so reserved and stoic, only barely going through the proper motions, like he's not present here at all. 

They're sent back to their quarters quicker than usual, to which Obi-Wan is glad. He isn't sure he could bear the serenely folded hands and knowing gazes of the Council for much longer. But he can tell how angry Anakin is becoming, senses the raw fury rolling through their bond as Anakin does nothing to hide it. Obi-Wan doesn't acknowledge it though, doesn't even look at him or get too close, not wanting to spark the flame before either of them do something they'll regret. He wills Anakin to understand his reasoning, to show them they can still have their old relationship back. 

Though of course it could never be that easy. 

He's trying to read his datapad on the couch as Anakin is draped rather dramatically in the chair across from him and sulking. He can feel Anakin's glower on him without even looking up, and it's making him self-conscious. He finally sets the pad down and rubs his head, sighing, wondering if it's too early to call it a day yet. Before he can do anything though, Anakin is suddenly sitting up and striding over to Obi-Wan, and he's too slow to react to Anakin straddling him, hands heavy on his shoulders. 

"Anakin, what—" but any further retort is stopped by Anakin's mouth planting over his own, fierce and demanding and hungry. The angle is awkward at first and their teeth clack, but then Obi-Wan subconsciously responds and guides the kiss, hands coming to rest firmly around Anakin's waist, and he can feel Anakin moaning into his mouth.

Obi-Wan's head swims with how sudden this happened, how quickly any reservations melt away when he finally has Anakin here in his lap, how good and how  right  it feels. Anakin kisses a bit clumsily, but Obi-Wan is out of practice too, and Anakin's vivacity and intensity makes up for it, makes it the best kiss he's ever had, imperfect yet perfect. Anakin tastes somehow like Obi-Wan thought he would, sweet and dizzying and just so very  Anakin. He bites down on Anakin's lower lip, making him gasp so prettily, making him bleed just a bit. 

He skims his hands over Anakin's trembling body, not quite able to believe that the boy's right here, for him to kiss, to touch. Obi-Wan moves his hands lower to where Anakin's thighs meet his hips, and then slowly around to his ass. He can feel how Anakin's breath stutters between their open mouths, how his body is shaking from the need to roll his hips down to meet Obi-Wan's growing hardness with his own. 

"Master, I—" Anakin suddenly gasps out, eyes fluttering open as Obi-Wan lightly squeezes his hands around Anakin's ass. But then his own eyes are snapping open, alarm bells ringing in his head as Anakin's voice suddenly plummets him back to reality. He pushes Anakin off of him quickly, heart racing as he leaves their quarters and lets the door slide shut behind him, leaving Anakin alone.

***

Obi-Wan has never felt so terrible. 

He didn't quite realize before just how much he needs Anakin in his life, and how much of an empty space he leaves when they're not as close. Anakin was always there by his side, through the hard times and through the good, through battles and celebrations, through sickness and laughter. 

Now he doesn't have that anymore, but it's for the best. It  has  to be. 

He's never been so cut off emotionally from Anakin, has always been so used to being quite open and free with his Padawan. Now he is completely barred, scared of letting Anakin in and feeling worse. He still does his duty as Master, but he's more distant, letting Anakin spar with other Padawans and meditate by himself, telling others, when they ask, that Anakin needs more practice in these things on his own. So that he doesn't rely too much on Obi-Wan, so it doesn't hurt as much when he's gone. 

But he can tell Anakin's skills are affected by this shift, can tell he's not sleeping properly, and  oh  , it hurts. It hurts even more whenever Anakin pleads with him through their bond, his eyes, to just  see  him for once, to get to him. He looks forward to their missions, when they focus on outside problems instead of their inner conflicts, to get into situations where all of their energy has to be focused on that single moment in order to survive. 

But he doesn't know how much longer he can keep living like this. 

The gnawing feeling of grief is at its worst at night, when Obi-Wan can hear Anakin's muffled sobs in the room next door, how they can last for ages until Anakin can't physically cry anymore. Obi-Wan just lets every raw emotion from Anakin wash over him, letting him feel the same pain as punishment for letting Anakin get this way, for letting their bond get this bad. 

Yet he still thinks that this is the best thing to do. 

He even goes so far as to think about stepping down as Anakin's Master, but then the thought of what Qui-Gon would say, how that would be a dishonor to his dying wish, and how it would be a betrayal to Anakin is too much. 

He's getting tired of trying to look away whenever he sees Anakin in the morning, eyes red with dark circles under them, shooting vicious glares at Obi-Wan or sad little hopeful smiles on various occasions that make Obi-Wan's heart utterly break in two. 

It doesn't help that this has shown Obi-Wan how desperately he wants Anakin to always be in his life, to keep him safe and happy, to just  be  with him. He realizes this has always been what he wants, how it's just grown and changed over the years, especially once Anakin grew from just a kid in his mind, to a young man instead. But he  can't  let them get that close, doesn't want to hurt Anakin even more, doesn't want to feel the same pain as he did when he and Qui-Gon— no. It still hurts too deeply to think of his late Master like that. 

After their latest mission report, Master Yoda asks Obi-Wan to stay behind for a moment once everyone else has left. Obi-Wan knew that this would come eventually, and nods politely and distractedly sends Anakin away even as a million excuses and weak explanations flit through his head. But Yoda could always see right through him. 

"Strained, your bond with your Padawan has become," Yoda says once they're alone. "Too focused on the past, you are." This stops Obi-Wan's anxious thoughts for a moment. 

"Pardon me, Master, but what do you mean, focused on the past? Me and Anakin's— well." He pauses, not really wanting to say anything more out loud. "it's happening now."

"At the root of the problem, your old Master is. Move on, you must, to fix your bond with Anakin. Compare the two relationships, you must not do." Obi-Wan just stands there, knowing Yoda is right as usual. His fear of what happened between him and Qui-Gon has blinded him. "Explain to your Padawan immediately, you must do. Deserves to know why you struggle, he does." Obi-Wan nods dumbly, thinking. He does need to explain to Anakin, should have done that  weeks  ago. He was just too scared of being weak and giving into his desires that he failed to be a good Master, a good  friend  to Anakin. 

He doesn't know if Yoda even knows everything that has happened between him and Qui-Gon or him and Anakin, but what he's said has greatly helped, and he feels lighter than he has in a long time. "Thank you very much, Master," he replies, bowing deeply. He makes his way back to his rooms, and once he steps inside, Anakin whirls around, eyes wide, looking like he'd been pacing anxiously. There's a hint of fear emanating off of him, like he'd thought Master Yoda was planning on his being cast out. Obi-Wan walks towards him trepidatiously but with a small smile, trying to let him know it's okay. He feels out of practice already. "Sit down, Anakin," he says, gesturing to the couch. 

Anakin does as he's told, though he still looks a little uncomfortable, sitting on the edge with his back rigid. He's still got a flustered look about him, and hands are twisting nervously in his lap. Obi-Wan sits down across from him on the couch. 

"I need to tell you something." Obi-Wan sighs deeply, trying to find the right words. "When I was your age I was enamoured with my own Master. Our bond was finally secure and ran deep after years of not understanding one another, but I wanted more. When I tried to act on it, I ended up just getting emotionally hurt, and then even more so when he . . . when he was killed." Obi-Wan swallows thickly, voice a bit shaky, as he's transported back to that day nearly a decade ago now. "The only thing holding me together was knowing I had to take care of you because that was his dying wish. As Jedi we know that there is always a chance we won't make it through another day, so attachment just leads to heartbreak and sorrow and not being able to fulfill our duties."

"But Master, I can't help that I—"

"I know, Anakin." Obi-Wan feels his chest constrict, knowing exactly how the boy feels. "It has destroyed me to see you look so defeated the past few weeks, and I'm sorry that I never explained this to you earlier. I will try harder to help without being completely shut off from you again. I care for you greatly, my Padawan, and I don't ever want to hurt you. I do this to protect you, do you understand?"

Anakin nods slowly, looking like he's still a bit unsure, but his face brightens when Obi-Wan's shields break down, finally letting him in again. Obi-Wan smiles bracingly at him and grasps his shoulder tightly, and the familiar feeling of their strong bond, to feel Anakin living and breathing under his hand, is almost more comfort than he can bear. Anakin smiles back at him too, and he realizes again how much he missed seeing him truly happy.

***

"Master, we're going to need some backup in this area real quick," Anakin says urgently, voice crackling through their connection. Anakin's down on the ground of the planet their mission's located on, while Obi-Wan flies their ship overhead. It was just a precursory trip around the area, to scout out the land, but it's already turned more dangerous than they expected. He's already spotted more mercenaries hiding out than they've planned for, and by the sound of Anakin's voice, he's getting into a spot of trouble. He turns the ship back around to where he last saw Anakin and speaks quickly into his own comlink. 

"Flying your way now. Good luck, Anakin." As he gets closer, he sees that Anakin has already taken out a lot of opponents, but more are creeping out of the shadows, obviously more familiar with the planet than the two Jedi. He looks away for a moment to prepare to land, but when he turns his head back to Anakin, he's been knocked down to the ground, and heavily. He sways on his knees and Obi-Wan can barely breathe, trying to keep an eye on Anakin while also trying not to crash the ship into a tree. Anakin can still move at least, but he tries to get up to fight off his attacker, because of course he does. That's what they're taught isn't it, to keep fighting until they die? But no. Anakin won't die right now, not on this godforsaken planet, not on Obi-Wan's watch. He speaks into his comlink again, voice panicky. "No, Anakin! Abandon mission, you can't beat them on your own, more are coming! Try to get away, I'm landing in a second." He lands sloppily, knowing he's gonna have to repair something before they leave, but he's not worried about that right now. 

He runs fast once his feet touch the ground, faster than he thinks he can run, until he sees Anakin, wavering on his feet but ready to swing his lightsaber. But the adversary is ready, and pummels him in the chest until he collapses on the ground, saber rolling from his limp grasp as he hears a sickening  crack . Obi-Wan barely registers himself yelling out, but then he's immediately throwing himself into the battle, fiercely fighting off the rest of the mercenaries in the area without thought, without feeling, not stopping until he's added more to the ring of bodies around them, until they're all dead because they dared tried to harm Anakin. He pants heavily in the silent aftermath, and falls to his knees next to Anakin's lifeless body. His body's pale and his pulse flutters lightly, but he's still here. Still with him. 

But Obi-Wan still feels like he can hardly breathe, and knows he won't until Anakin is safe and whole again.

***

It's sixteen hours later when Anakin finally wakes up. Sixteen agonizing hours, of carrying him back to the ship, not even noticing how physically exhausted his own body was, patching up the ship as quickly as possible, trying nearly everything in the med kit to help Anakin along the way. He flies fast, too fast that even Anakin might admonish him in any other situation. But it's like he has tunnel vision, everything in his life solely bent on helping Anakin. The boy gets hurt often, they all do, but he's never looked like this, so cold and unresponding, so akin to being  dead. 

He never leaves Anakin's side once they get to the medbay at the Temple, even when the droids tell him he needs rest. 

His vision fades in and out as he stares at Anakin's bedside, too drowsy at first to take in the fact that Anakin's awake. But he is finally, and he slowly raises his arm that's connected to cords as if curious. Before Obi-Wan can get to him, comfort him, Anakin is trying to sit up, which he shouldn't do in this state. He lets out a hurt yell that chills Obi-Wan's soul, and he soothes the boy with comforting hands and words, helping him relax onto the bed. 

Anakin doesn't even seem fully conscious in this state, and his eyes droop as Obi-Wan looks at him worriedly in the darkness of the room. 

***

He doesn't even know how much longer it is once Anakin wakes again, but he is now quite familiar with the clinical scent of the medbay and the whirring of the various instruments, as well as being sustained on endless cups of caf. The steady beeping sound of the vital signs monitor connected to Anakin is a consolation now, to know with certainty that Anakin's heart is still beating. 

He's resting his head back on the uncomfortable chair near the bed when Anakin starts to murmur in his sleep. He can't make out what he says at first, words too soft, too fragmented, too indiscernible. But then Anakin's head starts to thrash to the side, whole body tense as his eyebrows are drawn together.

He makes out his own name, being repeated over and over, in such a sad, lonely, fearful sort of voice. His voice only grows louder, and Obi-Wan clambers ungracefully out of his seat, remembering the days when he was awoken in the early hours of the morning to a younger Anakin's night terror-induced yells. Anakin's body resists his touch at first, starts to kick out his legs and yells loudly, voice hoarse from disuse. Obi-Wan repeats Anakin's name, runs hands through his hair and over his clammy face, urging him to wake up as calmly as possible. 

"Anakin, dear one, look at me. You're here, you're safe, shhh, it's okay." He does eventually gain more consciousness, looks at Obi-Wan with far-away eyes that gaze into another world. But he keeps looking at Obi-Wan as he still comforts and holds him, and his breathing evens out, body going lax and sleepy once more.

Obi-Wan thinks that he would never sleep again just to keep Anakin safe from his nightmares, to show how loved he is. Because he is worth  everything. 

***

He hears a med droid leave the room after its usual checkup, loud enough to startle him from sleep. He opens his eyes slowly, disgruntled after the nap he did not mean to take, when he starts from the sight of Anakin fully conscious, smiling at him from the bed. He grins back, pulling himself off the chair to kneel down at Anakin's bedside. 

"How are you, Anakin?" he asks anxiously, eyes roving over his face. He looks a little weary still, skin a bit pallid and covered in bandages in some spots, but otherwise happy and on the mend. 

"Never better," Anakin replies croakily, grinning cheekily. Obi-Wan lets out a relieved laugh, before helping him drink some water. Obi-Wan knows he must look dreadful after having never left his side, and his hands shake as he holds the glass, still feeling the last dredges of anxiety that had pervaded him for so long. Anakin grabs one of Obi-Wan's hands with his left before Obi-Wan can move away. "I'm okay, I promise, Obi-Wan."

"Gods, never do that again," Obi-Wan says suddenly before he can help himself, and then his eyes are brimming with tears and he looks down, hand squeezing Anakin's. He knows Anakin can't truly promise that, but the thought of Anakin being so utterly  lifeless  again like that, like he was— gods. Anakin's voice is small when he speaks up in the heavy, emotional silence.

"But I thought we have to complete the mission no matter what happens? And I thought you wouldn't— you wouldn't really care what happens to me anyways—" and now Obi-Wan knows how wrong he was before to think he could go back to their old relationship, and now he finally knows what to say, what to  do. He has thought of nothing else but Anakin these past few days, and wants nothing more than to finally give in to their desires, to prove to Anakin how precious he is to him. 

"Oh, Anakin," Obi-Wan says, voice rough and eyes glistening as he meets Anakin's gaze. "I love you more than anything. You are my whole  universe. And I know I shouldn't feel this way, but somehow along the line you've become such a part of my life, that I can't imagine you not in it. And so when you were in danger and I thought for a moment I'd lost you—"

"I love you too, Obi-Wan," Anakin says quickly, eyes wide and disbelieving, and Obi-Wan is filled with such a surge of emotion that he doesn't know what to do with it all. "I love you so, so much—" and then he's interrupting Anakin to kiss him, sweetly and lovingly, with just a hint of desperation, tasting salty tears and the aftertaste of his medicine and something so distinctly  Anakin.

And it's everything Obi-Wan could wish for.

***

"Anakin! You were released?" Obi-Wan exclaims, setting down his datapad that he had been listlessly scrolling through and getting up, staring at Anakin in the doorway. It had been way too quiet in their quarters without Anakin's constant presence. 

"Yup, I'm all good," Anakin replies, walking further into their quarters and slowly stretching, Obi-Wan trying not to let his gaze stray to the sliver of torso revealed as his shirt rises up. 

"How are you feeling?" He hovers around Anakin, not sure whether it's okay to touch him or not.

"Fine, though my wrist is quite sore," Anakin says, grinning up at Obi-Wan mischievously. Obi-Wan had strongly deterred from doing anything beyond their quick kiss while Anakin was in the medbay, wanting Anakin to focus on getting better. It was hard to resist Anakin though, when he would let his hands linger on Obi-Wan or bat his eyelashes that would look silly on anyone but him. And then there was the time when the med droid told Obi-Wan, very monotonously, that Anakin had an abnormal heart rate that lasted for several minutes every time Obi-Wan left the room. Anakin had just smirked and raised his eyebrows at him, leaving Obi-Wan splutter and blush profusely. 

But now Anakin is the one to blush and get flustered, awkwardly shifting on his feet as he waits for Obi-Wan's response, and suddenly Obi-Wan wants to see just how flushed he can make the boy. 

"You'll need to tell me all about how your wrist got so sore, sweetheart," Obi-Wan says, a lazy smile on his face, as his eyes flicker over Anakin. Anakin swallows, eyes wide, looking at Obi-Wan with pure want, as a dozen possibilities flit through Obi-Wan's head. The moment hangs there, suspended, and then— they both move simultaneously, bond pulling them irresistibly together, sizzling and electric, and then his mouth is closing over Anakin's once more.

This isn't the careful, tender kiss that the last one was, nor the new, aching one that the first was; this is longing, and intense need, and heat, and like going through light speed, and everything all at once. It feels right, feels like  home. 

Obi-Wan starts clumsily leading them back to his bedroom, hands still latched onto each other, not letting go, the act of Obi-Wan's tongue slipping inside Anakin's hot mouth making Anakin fumble into him along the way. Once inside his room, Obi-Wan backs Anakin up against his bed and gently pushes him down, Anakin pulling Obi-Wan down with him. They pant heavily against each other, Obi-Wan feeling like he's drowning in the heat emanating between them, the heady sense of pleasure intoxicating.

He sees Anakin's eyes quickly take in their surroundings once they finally break their kiss, his expression changing rapidly, unable for Obi-Wan to discern. He runs a soothing hand through his hair. "Anakin? Anakin, are you alright?" Anakin starts as if he'd forgotten Obi-Wan was there, eyes flicking back to look up at him. Anakin's head nods automatically, but then he stops and swallows. 

"Y-yeah, I will be. It's just, I don't know, overwhelming I guess?" Obi-Wan carefully shifts to the side so he's not over Anakin anymore, to give him space if he decides this isn't what he wants. 

"We don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with, Anakin. We don't have to do anything at all."

"No!" Anakin says, sitting up quickly. "I mean, I want to do stuff with you, but it's just weird I guess, finally getting what I want after so long when I thought I never would. It's like I want everything and nothing all at once and I don't know where to start first. But still, please touch me, I've been waiting forever," he says in a rush, looking flustered and wanting again, and Obi-Wan could never deny him. 

"We have time to eventually do everything you want, one step at a time, alright? I'll try to make it up to you for all the times you were sad because of me." Obi-Wan doesn't think anything he could say would ever be enough to apologize for what he's done. 

"It's okay," Anakin says, reaching out to tentatively trace his fingers down the side of his face. "That doesn't matter anymore now that you're here." Obi-Wan still feels a little guilty, but he smiles at Anakin, leaning into his warm touch.

"Tell me to stop whenever, alright?" Obi-Wan asks, and Anakin nods quickly. His enthusiasm is endearing. And then Anakin is leaning forwards and kissing Obi-Wan again, hands coming up to rest in his hair, Obi-Wan's cradling the boy's jaw. It's like they're pouring out all of their feelings that have been pent-up for far too long into each other, the deep yearning and secret lust and forbidden love, and Obi-Wan tries to pour the best apology he can give into it. 

Anakin gasps, automatically making his mouth open wider, when Obi-Wan bites down on his plump bottom lip. His hands slide tentatively down over Obi-Wan's shoulders and his chest, as if just getting the feel of him, not entirely confident in what he should do.  

Anakin pulls away slightly to tug his medbay-issued undershirt over his head, and his breath hitches when he realizes Obi-Wan is staring. But he can't help it now that he  can  look, can get his fill of Anakin's golden skin and lightly toned chest that's started to get more defined muscles. Anakin's arms automatically come up over his chest protectively, so Obi-Wan takes his own tunic and undershirt off so they're equal. Anakin's eyes dart over Obi-Wan's chest, and it would make him self-conscious if not for how much Anakin apparently likes what he sees. Anakin seems to be jittery with nerves now, and he fumbles with trying to get his pants off. Obi-Wan's jittery too, but he assumes he's leading here, so he tries to squash the feeling to instead help Anakin feel okay.

"Let me help you," he murmurs, and he slowly pulls Anakin's pants and underwear down over his hips, head tilting down to mouth softly at the skin of his neck, feeling Anakin shiver beneath him. He leans into Obi-Wan's touch, barely letting Obi-Wan pull away to take the rest of his own clothes off. Then Obi-Wan is finally bare in front of his Padawan, feeling flushed all over, cock already achingly hard.

He feels Anakin suck in a harsh breath as he takes Obi-Wan in, but then Obi-Wan sees Anakin and he feels suddenly faint. Anakin's skin is covered in a dusty pink flush from nervousness and arousal, completely bare and hair down but for his Padawan braid, cock pretty and straining. He's seen Anakin naked before, but never like this, never trembling and wanting right in front of him. 

"Gods, how beautiful you are, darling," Obi-Wan says reverently, and Anakin's eyes flutter shut, mouth parting open. Obi-Wan lets his Force signature completely envelop Anakin, letting him feel the way he so very wants Anakin, mirroring in the way he reaches shaky hands down Anakin's body. 

Anakin pulls them down so he's fully on the bed with Obi-Wan over him, bodies jolting with the delicious pressure of their cocks bumping together. Anakin groans when he finally sees Obi-Wan's cock, rocking slickly against his own, and Obi-Wan can't help but admire the sight, how Anakin looks just a bit smaller, a little delicate, under him. "Oh, Master—" he says brokenly, and  oh, his title shouldn't be as hot in this situation as it is right now. Obi-Wan tries to calm himself down for a second, to make sure Anakin is still fine.

"We don't have to do anything more than this," he says, albeit a bit breathlessly as Anakin arches into him.

"No, I've been ready for all of you, can't you feel it?" And he can, can see all the fantasies Anakin has had of Obi-Wan taking him, and blood rushes south so quickly that he feels dizzy. Anakin's hips stutter up forcefully, making them both moan, and then Obi-Wan is nodding frantically, again unable to say no to this boy. 

"Yeah, okay, sweetheart," he says, voice rough, and then he's licking into Anakin's mouth, rocking their hips together. Anakin's hands clutch desperately onto Obi-Wan as he starts to lavish Anakin's body, Anakin squirming at the contact and moaning softly. Obi-Wan moves his mouth down Anakin's body, biting into the tender skin of his neck and collarbone, teasing over his nipples one by one, making Anakin's breath quicken, over the hard muscles of his tense stomach, then mouthing softly at his inner thighs.

He shifts over to Anakin's cock, finding that he needs to put his mouth on him immediately. He looks up first, only to realize that Anakin's eyes are scrunched closed. "Eyes on me, Anakin," Obi-Wan commands, and a strong thrill runs through him at the way Anakin obeys instantly. Obi-Wan keeps his gaze on him, unable to look away from Anakin looking so gorgeously needy, as his mouth hovers over Anakin's cock. 

"Please. . . nnnngh—" Anakin says, ending in a drawn-out moan once Obi-Wan's mouth closes over his cock, sucking lightly. Anakin's thighs tremble around him as he starts slow, both letting Anakin get used to the feeling and himself too, as it's been quite a while since he did this for someone. He takes Anakin deeper, hands tightly holding Anakin's hips down as the boy struggles to buck his hips up. He starts bobbing his head and Anakin releases a string of curses in Huttese, hands moving to clutch at Obi-Wan's hair.

Anakin is doing so well watching him, and Obi-Wan flicks his gaze up to meet Anakin's, who is watching as if fascinated, as his Master takes his cock in a steady rhythm. Obi-Wan smirks around his pulsing heat and suddenly hums, enjoying the way Anakin's eyes roll back, hips trying to twitch up uselessly again. He then slowly pulls off, knowing Anakin is getting close, and kisses the head once. He looks up at Anakin, whose chest is heaving, looking like he's practically vibrating with the complete pleasure he's feeling. 

"Do you want to come, darling?"

"Yes, yes, yes, kriff,  please—  " Anakin begs, and that makes Obi-Wan grin playfully, even though his own cock is throbbing at the gorgeous sounds Anakin makes when begging for his touch and to come. 

"Then do it, I want to see you, Ani," Obi-Wan says, and then doesn't take his gaze away from Anakin as he closes his mouth over him again, tongue laving over the slit of his cock. He doesn't register how he said Anakin's nickname, which he hasn't used in years, until a few seconds later, but it feels right, feels  good  for some reason. He wraps a hand around the base of Anakin's cock, continuing his light sucking, and he can feel how Anakin's whole body draws up, ready to release. 

Anakin arches into the contact, body incredibly tense, and then he's suddenly trembling all over, a beautiful cry escaping from his clenched teeth as he comes. Obi-Wan swallows most of his release before taking his mouth off and gently helping Anakin through the aftershocks with his hand. He's wholly entranced by Anakin still uncontrollably writhing beneath him, in love with how even prettier Anakin looks when feeling only complete bliss. 

He moves up Anakin's body once the boy catches his breath, finally opening his bright eyes as Obi-Wan cradles his cheeks in his palms, smiling down at him. Anakin grins shyly back, biting his lip, looking so open and trusting that it's almost too much. Their Force bond has never felt this vivid and intense. 

"You're utterly perfect," Obi-Wan whispers wonderingly, in awe of the young man below him, and then he leans down to kiss Anakin again, Anakin tilting his head up to meet him, arms looped loosely around his neck. Anakin moans softly when he tastes his own spend in Obi-Wan's mouth, Obi-Wan already feeling Anakin's sensitive cock twitching against his hip. Obi-Wan feels like he has never been harder in his life, but is happy to not worry about getting off if he can just take care of Anakin. But then Anakin reaches down to wrap a curious hand around Obi-Wan's cock between their bodies. Obi-Wan groans into their mouths at the sudden feeling, Anakin bucking his hips up hard. 

"Okay,  force, fuck—" Anakin gasps, head falling back, kiss breaking with a wet  pop. He suddenly flips them over easily, catching Obi-Wan off guard, who curls his hands around Anakin's hips tightly when Anakin slowly grinds down.

"Gods, Anakin, you—" Obi-Wan grits out desperately. He can only lie there as Anakin takes him in, touching him so gently and lovingly like he's worshiping him. It's been so long since anyone touched him like this, and that combined with the fact that it's  Anakin  makes every little touch electric. Anakin traces the space between the freckles on his skin with trembling fingers, eyes focused like he's memorizing for later. He softly kisses the small scars scattering Obi-Wan's body, and that beyond anything makes him so fucking emotional. How precious this boy is. He rests a hand in Anakin's hair, gaze latched intently onto him, eyes going a bit hazy at the edges. 

The pads of Anakin's fingers dig into Obi-Wan's skin as he licks the rough pattern of bumps and ridges of the scars, as if claiming them, honoring them. The way Anakin accepts them as just another part of him rather than a flaw on his body feels profoundly intimate. 

Anakin slowly moves his way down Obi-Wan's body until he gets to his cock. It seems obvious by the way he hesitates, just looking at it, that he hasn't had much experience in this area. Obi-Wan doesn't mind though, finds he actually quite likes it, though he really doesn't want to think too far into the reasons why. Anakin takes Obi-Wan into his hand, and Obi-Wan has to restrain himself from pushing into Anakin's touch, instead just letting his Padawan explore. Anakin slides the foreskin down to reveal the head, tentatively flicking his tongue out to catch some of the dripping precome from the slit. Obi-Wan groans deep in his chest at the feeling, and he can see Anakin shiver. He lets it go and hurriedly sits up to straddle Obi-Wan's hips, both gasping when Obi-Wan's cock bumps up against Anakin's ass.

And oh, Obi-Wan doesn't care what Anakin decides to do, but he just  needs  so intensely. 

"You know," Anakin says, slowly rocking back against Obi-Wan and smirking down at him. "I had a  very  thorough shower before I came back here."

"Hmm, is that right, darling?" Obi-Wan says casually, though his heart rate quickens excitedly regardless, and his fingers grasp Anakin's thighs a bit tighter.

"Yeah, I want you to—" but he stops and bites his lip, suddenly nervous because of the way Obi-Wan is looking at him, which he knows must seem like he wants to practically devour  the boy. But he wants Anakin to say what he wants, needs him to, besides the fact that he finds he likes to tell Anakin what to do and to see him obey.  

"I need to hear you say it for me," Obi-Wan instructs, hand drifting over Anakin's stomach towards his cock, which is rapidly hardening under Obi-Wan's heated gaze. 

"I want you to fuck me, Master," Anakin says in a rush, body blooming in a fresh wave of rosiness. And yup, Obi-Wan  definitely has never been harder in his entire life. 

"Good boy," Obi-Wan says, and the full-body shudder that runs through Anakin, how his lashes flutter with the praise, is delicious. He's going to have to restrain himself from calling Anakin a  good boy  whenever he wants to see his reaction, is gonna have to constantly remind himself to make Anakin work for it a bit, since it will be even better for that. 

"Though I've,  oh—" Anakin gasps as Obi-Wan's starts to lazily jerk him off. "No one's ever— no one's ever had me like this." Obi-Wan's grip tightens suddenly, eyes widening as he stops, frozen. He basically  knew  that Anakin had never been with anyone before, but to hear him say it, to know he's the first to ever see him, have him,  love  him like this is oddly gratifying. It catches him off guard with the sudden rush of intense heat it fills him with. 

"Fuck, Ani," he says, voice ragged and full of awe, feeling wrecked already. "That's—" He takes in a shaky breath. "I'll make it so good for you, sweetheart," and then Obi-Wan is flipping them over again and immediately kissing Anakin fiercely into the mattress, like he's trying to fully  consume  him. A moment later Obi-Wan is kissing down his neck before stopping just under his collarbone which is usually covered up by his tunic, and biting down hard, making Anakin squirm. He knows it will leave a mark, hopes to see it later and get a reminder of this day, already knowing the boy will bruise so prettily. Obi-Wan lifts his head and looks down at Anakin, licking his lips and feeling completely undone and wild. "Can you turn over for me?"

Anakin nods quickly, Obi-Wan moving back so Anakin has room to hastily shift around. He arranges himself on his knees and elbows, back arched temptingly and making Obi-Wan's breath catch, though Anakin buries his face in his arms as if embarrassed. He jumps a little once Obi-Wan bends down close to him, placing his hands on his ass almost reverently and spreading his cheeks to look at him. Obi-Wan takes his time to just take Anakin in and admire him, sucking in air sharply at the sight of Anakin's trembling hole, light pink with the odd freckle dotting the area, and Obi-Wan wants to touch him  everywhere. Anakin is obviously trying not to flinch away from his touch, though, and Obi-Wan feels the need to show him just how perfect he looks. 

"How pretty you are, Anakin," he says lowly, fingers digging just right into the flesh of his ass. Anakin clutches desperately onto the sheets below him at the first touch of Obi-Wan's tongue to his hole, tasting like how he smells, clean with the faint remnants of the standard soap from the 'fresher, sweat and skin, an undertone of musk and something uniquely Anakin. Obi-Wan knows he could very easily get addicted to this. He notices that the small sounds that escape Anakin are muffled into the sheets, and he tuts. "I want to hear every sound you make, dear one," he says, fisting a hand in Anakin's hair and lifting his head off his arms. Anakin's mouth falls open and he groans at the feeling, Obi-Wan caressing his head in approval.

He starts rimming Anakin again, feeling his facial hair rub against Anakin's tender skin, fingers still prising his cheeks apart. He licks and sucks until Anakin is weak and relaxed and wet under his touch, instinctively rocking back into him. When Obi-Wan's tongue prods inside of him, Anakin cries out, whole body jolting. Obi-Wan doesn't want to stop, the sounds and unconscious movements Anakin makes utterly intoxicating. Anakin is like putty in his hands now, the feeling of Obi-Wan's tongue and mouth, where no one else has been, seemingly fully pleasurable for him after the initial strangeness of it. Obi-Wan feels spit run down his chin, but he doesn't care, happy to do this forever if Anakin asked him to. 

He stops for now though, aching cock between his legs reminding him of what Anakin truly wants from him. Anakin whines adorably when he pulls back, but Obi-Wan just chuckles into his skin, running soothing hands up his sides. "Don't worry, I'll take care of you." He helps Anakin turn over onto his back, as the poor boy seems already boneless. And  oh, he looks so beautifully destroyed already, eyes dark and shining, lips swollen and parted, skin rosy and glittering from the light sheen of sweat. He looks desperate, ready to beg, and he's everything Obi-Wan could ever want. 

"Please, please," Anakin whimpers, tilting his hips up, obviously trying to get Obi-Wan to do something, anything. Obi-Wan feels overwhelming disbelief though as his eyes roam over Anakin. He just can't believe that this beautiful creature is below him right now, pleading for his touch. He suddenly brings Anakin's hand to his lips and tenderly kisses it, feeling overcome with emotion and love for this boy. Anakin smiles back at him, but then he gives another small little  please, and Obi-Wan chokes out a laugh and leans over to rummage through his bedside drawer for his lube. 

He finds it, thankfully relatively full because he doesn't get the chance to use it very much, and only on himself when he does use it. He pops open the cap, and Anakin's eyes are fixed on it, looking nervous again. 

"Anakin, dear one, is this still alright?" They can both feel how much Anakin wants this through their bond, but he still needs to ask, to make sure this is what Anakin absolutely wants. Anakin looks up, finally catching Obi-Wan's gaze.  

"Yes, Obi-Wan,  please." Anakin's eyes are so full of heat and warmth and  trust, so blinding that they are almost too much to look at. He slicks up a finger, hearing Anakin's breath catch, before teasing it around his rim, coldness making him flinch again. At this first touch, Anakin reacts with such gorgeous transparency, gasping as he shivers all over. 

"Do you touch yourself here?" Obi-Wan asks, unable to help himself. "Play with your hole, wishing your fingers were mine instead?" A strangled sound escapes Anakin, but he doesn't answer, seemingly transfixed at the finger barely pressing  in  with the slightest bit of pressure. "Anakin," Obi-Wan says sternly, taking his finger away, other hand tilting Anakin's chin up to finally meet his gaze again. "answer me." He goes heavy on the commanding tone, but the involuntary shudder that runs through Anakin at the sound of it is so worth it. 

"Y—yeah all the time, I— hahhhhh," Anakin ends in a drawn out moan as Obi-Wan sinks his slicked finger back inside of him, making Anakin's eyes roll back. Obi-Wan has to force his eyes away from just staring at his finger, transfixed as it eases into Anakin, how Anakin takes him in so well. 

"You'll have to show me someday," Obi-Wan says as Anakin pants and writhes underneath him. Obi-Wan can tell when the feeling of his finger goes from strange to pleasurable by the way Anakin starts squirming forward, wanting more. "Sometimes I was able to tell through our bond whenever you were getting off by thinking of me, and it always drove me mad. You were never the greatest at shielding your emotions from your Master," he says, wanting to tease Anakin a little bit. Anakin groans in sudden embarrassment, cheeks flaming red. 

"Of course that's just my luck," he mumbles, hiding his face in his hands. Obi-Wan gently pulls his hands away and kisses him sweetly, showing him it's all okay.

"Don't worry, it was incredibly hot and flattering, if not a bit frustrating. I don't think I'd ever masturbated that often before," Obi-Wan continues, an adoring smile on his face. Anakin gapes up at him, like he's starstruck, imagining his Master getting off because of him. But who  wouldn't  be able to restrain themselves when this beautiful boy somehow wants you?

"Fuck," Anakin all but wheezes, staring up at Obi-Wan, and it ends in a moan as Obi-Wan presses his finger in as deep as it can go. It goes in easily, so Obi-Wan slicks another finger and slides it in alongside the first, loving how Anakin steadily rocks into the fingers inside him and the tiny sounds being punched out of him every time. 

"You're doing so well, opening up for me," Obi-Wan says, and it's the truth, as if Anakin's body knows and trusts him enough to let him in so easily. He twists his fingers, and Anakin yelps, one hand clutched desperately onto Obi-Wan's free arm, which is rubbing soothing circles on his thigh. It feels so fulfilling to give Anakin pleasure like this, to make him forget everything but this moment, to focus solely on the sensations Obi-Wan's giving him. Obi-Wan's cock is all but abandoned, but he doesn't even care right now, too entranced by the way Anakin's chest heaves, his hands and toes clenched, looking delirious with the feeling coursing through him. 

And Obi-Wan can't help but keep talking, murmuring constant praise that he's wanted to tell Anakin for ages, not even containing it, letting it all fall out of his mouth unrestrained.  You're so good, taking me so well, looking so gorgeous, such a pretty boy, so brave for me.  "Knew you'd— ah-hhh— knew you'd fucking run your mouth in bed," Anakin gasps, arching as much as he can, to try and take more of his Obi-Wan. 

"Mm, and how ever did I know you'd get off on praise, sweetheart?" Obi-Wan responds cheekily, making Anakin huff and roll his eyes, though the effect is sort of ruined by the glazed look of pleasure on his face. 

"Shut up, Master—" but his retort is cut off when Obi-Wan purposefully brushes his fingers up against where he knows his prostate would be, making Anakin arch his head back hard against the pillows, eyes squeezed tightly shut, long moan being drawn out of him. 

"Oh, is that what you need?" Obi-Wan says, still smiling, almost in a patronizing tone, just to see Anakin blush even more, though Obi-Wan feels barely controlled at this point. He continues to cruelly press his fingers hard against that spot, sending Anakin's hips jerking up, head shifting side to side like he can't contain himself. 

"Please," he practically sobs out, and Obi-Wan revels in how he's been reduced to begging now. "Please, more, I can take it." The third finger looks like it burns a bit, the stretch bordering on uncomfortable, but Anakin doesn't stop trying to take more, like he  needs  more, won't survive without it. "Your cock, Master, please, put it in me, fuck me,  please— "

"This is your first time, I don't want to hurt you, Anakin." Obi-Wan's fingers are gentle now, soothing and languid, trying to bring himself back under control. But he knows he won't be able to deny the boy for long. 

"I've been ready forever, Obi-Wan." Anakin catches his gaze, and his eyes are blazing and determined, even under the haze of lust. Obi-Wan swallows before finally nodding. Anakin grins slightly and sighs with relief, to which Obi-Wan just chuckles. His fingers move even slower, starting to ease their way out, and Anakin stretches like he's basking in the feeling. He arches a little, like he's showing off, apparently becoming less embarrassed now under Obi-Wan's greedy gaze, which happily soaks him up. "Besides, I thought you were gonna make it up to me." A small whimper escapes Anakin's mouth as Obi-Wan's fingers are carefully pulled out of him, Obi-Wan knowing he probably feels strangely empty. 

"Indeed I did. Patience, my Padawan," he says, though breathlessly, watching Anakin writhe on the sheets, shivering from Obi-Wan saying his title, subconsciously lifting his hips up and wanting more.

"Patience was never my strong suit," Anakin says, eyes locked onto Obi-Wan as he uses the leftover lube on his fingers to coat his cock. It jerks in his light grip, pleasure bursting through him from neglecting his cock for so long. 

"That I know too well," Obi-Wan responds, smiling, and he leans down to kiss Anakin, gently, with probably a hint of eagerness for what's to come. "I want you on your stomach," he decides, murmuring it into the corner of Anakin's mouth, and Anakin nods quickly, eyes fluttering. Obi-Wan sits back to give him room as Anakin rolls over on his elbows, Obi-Wan putting a pillow under his hips. Obi-Wan can tell Anakin is barely restraining from frantically rubbing his straining cock off on the soft fabric. Obi-Wan wants to take this slow, but he knows they're not gonna last much longer if he draws this out. 

Anakin's back arches for him, hole very slicked and open and utterly delicious, practically begging for Obi-Wan's touch. His breath is shaky, and his trembling hands smooth down Anakin's back, over his strong shoulders, the ridges of his spine, the razor-thin scar from where he crashed a speeder on Tatooine, the subtle curve of his hips, the dimples on his lower back. He doesn't stop whispering praise the whole time because he's  so  worth it, wants to press his praise and adoration for Anakin forever into his skin.

Anakin responds to his words as he knew he would, and he finds he wants to see how far he can go with the praise, to find out if Anakin could get off on Obi-Wan's words and feather-light touches alone.  

But that is for another time, and for now he lets his cock slip into the cleft of Anakin's ass, making the boy jump a little. Obi-Wan keeps a steady, comforting hand on his waist and one in his hair, slowly rocking against Anakin. He feels like they're both burning up, and Obi-Wan can hardly breathe with the soft, slightly slick glide on his cock. It catches on the rim of Anakin's hole, who  keens, and Obi-Wan finds he cannot last a minute more without being inside him. 

"Do you want it?" Obi-Wan asks, and he knows he sounds barely controlled, but wants to let Anakin know he's safe, he'll make sure he won't get hurt, that he'll take care of him. 

"Yes, Master,  please  don't make me keep asking for it again, I want you so bad—"

At that, Obi-Wan starts to slowly press in, feeling Anakin trying his best to relax and not resist, and oh gods, it already feels like Anakin is practically sucking his soul out of him in the best way possible.

Anakin is hot and velvety inside, gripping his cock impossibly tight. Anakin tries to push back and take more, but Obi-Wan manages to hold him off, sinking his cock in slowly, even when his body just wants to plunge in. But he has to go carefully, he needs it to be good for Anakin, because only then will it truly be good for himself as well. Anakin is violently trembling by the time Obi-Wan is buried inside him to the hilt, but he can tell through their bond how good Anakin is feeling, how full and how  alive. For Obi-Wan it's like he can feel Anakin's heartbeat, like the boy's whole  being  is wrapped around his cock. 

"Oh,  Ani," Obi-Wan groans out emphatically, running soothing hands down Anakin's back and just letting him get used to the sensation of being full, of being completely pleasured from the inside out. "Look at you. So perfect."

He hears Anakin release a sob in response, knows that he's probably feeling so many emotions right now, everything intense and notched up to extremity. It feels overwhelming for him too, to have Anakin's Force presence so intertwined with his own, and for him to be right in front of Obi-Wan,  surrounding him after so long denying himself this. 

"I know, dear heart," Obi-Wan says quietly, willing Anakin to know that he understands. He leans over Anakin's body to gently kiss at the juncture between his neck and shoulder, and the shift in angle has them both gasping.

"Move, please, I need it," Anakin grits out after a moment, and then Obi-Wan is slowly pulling out a bit and rolling his hips down into him, and sparks fly behind his eyes. He feels like he's never been more connected with anyone else, doesn't  deserve  this all-encompassing pleasure, yet here Anakin is, laid out for his Master and taking whatever he gives him. Anakin feels utterly perfect around him, Obi-Wan giving him long, slow strokes that have Anakin making a continuous stream of little noises. 

"Good boy, taking all of me," Obi-Wan says, sounding rough and undone, but he's so very proud, and it makes Anakin  whine. 

"Just for you—" he chokes out, and his head falls back, releasing a drawn-out moan when Obi-Wan holds onto his hips and fucks in just a bit harder, enough to send Obi-Wan's senses reeling. He can tell that his cock brushes Anakin's prostate with every slide in by the little jolts the boy gives like he's getting shocked, the motion making Anakin's own cock rub into the pillow under him. The pleasure is overwhelming, making everything be driven out of his head but this present moment, this need to see Anakin happy and blissful, to make him come.

Obi-Wan's nerves are singing, their bond completely enveloping him, making him feel needed, wanted,  alive, and it's everything. The sound of him bottoming out is filthy and slick, and that combined with the little  uh uh uh's that are being punched repeatedly out of Anakin make him feel like he's reaching the brink all the more faster. It's almost too much to look below him, at the way Anakin is clenched perfectly on his cock, how lax he is in Obi-Wan's grip, just letting him  take.

He can tell Anakin's gonna come soon too, by the way his whole body tightens up, hands scrabbling at the sheets like he doesn't know what to do with them, voice getting a little more breathy and high-pitched. So Obi-Wan pulls them back so they're on their knees, Anakin lolling back against Obi-Wan's chest. One of Obi-Wan's arms wraps loosely around Anakin's lower chest, his other hand cradling his jaw. The hint of pressure at Anakin's neck makes him whine even more, and Obi-Wan makes a mental note to explore that later. 

For now though, he keeps his thrusts shorter but harder as Anakin pushes desperately back against him. It takes everything in him to stave off his orgasm, to make sure Anakin comes first, but he's teetering on the edge that makes him want to come so bad but at the same time, to always stay here and feel this pleasure, where nothing else matters. 

"That's it's, so sweet for me," Obi-Wan says, mouthing distractedly at the sweaty skin of Anakin's shoulder, and Anakin is continuously whining, tears now streaming down his face which would be alarming if Obi-Wan didn't know they were good, overwhelmed-with-pleasure tears. Obi-Wan now lightly grasps Anakin's searing-hot cock, which makes the boy cry out, so obviously close to climax. 

"Please, can I come, Master, please, please," Anakin gasps out pleadingly, and  oh fuck, knowing that he's  asking  Obi-Wan for permission sends another dizzying rush of heat through him. But it makes sense that he would need Obi-Wan's approval, that it would make his orgasm  better  for having Obi-Wan tell him he can do it. His thrusts are rapidly losing rhythm, getting more wild, as his mind turns dazed with the pleasure coursing through him. But he still pretends to consider Anakin's plea, to act commanding and cool, even though he's nearly out of breath himself. 

"Hmm, well you have been good, darling." He brings a hand into Anakin's hair, and the boy is so on the edge that just that light touch makes him shiver uncontrollably. He remembers Anakin's reaction to having his braid tugged like it was yesterday, and also has an inkling Anakin might like it if he does act a little possessive towards him after all. "Come, Ani," he says into Anakin's ear, and then he's wrapping his Padawan braid around his fingers and pulling, hard.

And then he  does  it, comes when Obi-Wan tells him to, arching back into Obi-Wan's touch, mouth parted as the most beautiful sound escapes his lips. He shakes as Obi-Wan holds him, helping him through it. He's only gently still pressing his cock into Anakin, enough to rock them forward a little, as he milks Anakin's cock for all it's worth. 

He eases up on Anakin's cock once he comes back around, giving him light touches as he shivers through the aftershocks. Obi-Wan has to force his gaze away from the ribbons of Anakin's come on the sheets in front of them, hovering too near the edge for any more visual simulation, no matter how hot it is to see proof that  he  helped make Anakin come. "Good boy, that's it," Obi-Wan murmurs, kissing Anakin's cheek, as Anakin trembles in his grasp, breathing heavily. 

"Keep going, Master, please, want you to come in me," he practically sobs out, and now Obi-Wan is the one to tremble behind him at his words. He allows himself to pound in roughly a few times, letting Anakin fall to his elbows again, before groaning low and grinding into Anakin, coming deep and fucking it into him. He feels like he could black out with how the pleasure is ripped from him, like he's pouring all of himself into the boy, truly allowing himself to be Anakin's from the inside out. 

They breathe heavily in the aftermath, Obi-Wan running comforting hands over Anakin's clammy body. He carefully pulls out, making Anakin whine at the feeling, and Obi-Wan can't help but press a final kiss to Anakin's hole that's beginning to drip with his come, feeling like he could quite possibly come again at this very moment from the sight, refractory period be damned. Ultimately though, he feels exhausted, shaky, ready to sleep for a long, long time. But Anakin needs him now, needs him desperately, so he pushes his own needs aside to be there for his Padawan. Obi-Wan gently helps him onto his back and gives him soothing touches, bringing him back down to this moment, making sure he doesn't feel too emotionally lost, letting him know he's right there.

He knows Anakin probably feels worn-out, both physically and mentally, so Obi-Wan won't ask much of him now, but he also looks so sated and happy. He smiles sleepily and Obi-Wan grins back at him, giving him tender kisses, drying his tears and helping to slow his heart rate down. He relaxes against the pillows as Obi-Wan gently cleans him off with a nearby cloth, and then Obi-Wan helps him drink some water from the bedside table. Obi-Wan's heart almost bursts at Anakin's pleased little smile, loving to take care of Anakin as usual and figuring out what he truly needs from him. Anakin slips under the covers a bit trepidatiously, but curls up next to Obi-Wan who gets in next to him.

Obi-Wan doesn't mention Anakin leaving his bed, doesn't want him to. Anakin doesn't mention leaving either, so they both stay like that, wrapped around each other in Obi-Wan's bed. 

Anakin is cuddled up to him as close as he can get, and Obi-Wan mumbles something about the boy being a clingy loth-cat. Anakin just snuggles in closer, and Obi-Wan smiles, heart feeling so, so full. He loves having Anakin close like this, feeling how warm he is, hearing the lull of his heartbeat. It feels comforting, familiar, like they've always done this, or at least, their subconscious selves have always wanted this,  craved  this. 

"Everything's gonna change now, isn't it?" Anakin murmurs absently, running fingers along Obi-Wan's arm, tracing a birthmark. He can feel Anakin's hair tickle his jaw as he arches his head up a bit to look at Obi-Wan. 

"Yes, and I have a bad feeling about this," Obi-Wan says amusedly, planting a kiss on Anakin's temple. Anakin just grins. 

"Me too." And, looking ridiculously happy, he soundly kisses Obi-Wan into the mattress. 

Well, as much as he's able to after he's been finally, thoroughly fucked. All thanks to Obi-Wan, of course. 

