Adrift and Entangled - Chapter 1 - WhiteMoose - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/18168695 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2019-03-19
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  90823
Chapters:  18/?
Comments:  718
Kudos:  1048
Bookmarks:  251
Hits:  15515
Rating:  Mature
Archive Warning:  Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:  M/M
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel TrilogyStar Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types  Relationship:  Obi-Wan Kenobi/Anakin Skywalker
Characters:  Anakin SkywalkerObi-Wan KenobiAhsoka TanoPadmé Amidala
Additional Tags:  Slow BurnSuicide AttemptTortureHurt/ComfortAlternate Universe - Canon DivergenceEventual SmutAnakin and Padme NOT MarriedMutual Piningsmut with feelingsHappy EndingFluffFirst TimeObi-Wan snark
Language:  English

Summary:
After the Hardeen operation, emotions are raw. But before anything can be fully sorted out, the boys are sent to Christophsis for their next mission. Things don’t go as planned, and they find themselves alone in an unknown system with no hyperspace capabilities and no effective means of communication.


Chapter 1: Welcome Back
    
Chapter Text

“Anakin, we should talk.”

The young Jedi quickened his stride past a row of guest suites in the halls of the Royal Palace, choosing to ignore the low, gravelly words that echoed in the corridor behind him. He had hoped his former master, still sporting the hideous face of Rako Hardeen, would turn in for the night after Senator Amidala and Chancellor Palpatine had taken their leave.  But no. The infuriating man had followed him down the hallway, despite Anakin’s best efforts to silently signal he was NOT interested in speaking to him tonight. Or tomorrow. Or ever.

Obi-Wan’s footsteps did not relent, and when Anakin reached the door to his own temporary quarters and fumbled to open it, he felt a warm hand settle hesitantly on his shoulder. He turned sharply and batted it away with a violent swat. Obi-Wan took a small step back. “Anakin…”

Anakin winced at the sound of his name in Hardeen’s deep, gentle voice, closing his eyes and clenching his hands into fists at his sides. “I have nothing to say to you,” he uttered through gritted teeth, fighting to remain calm as a wave of conflicting emotions washed over him. Lingering grief. Renewed resentment. Profound relief. Crushing disappointment. Fury. Pain.

He opened his eyes but didn’t lift his gaze beyond the floor. “I can’t – I can’t even look at – I’m–” he stammered. His mind was overwhelmed, and he found himself unable to string together any coherent words from the chaotic thoughts churning through his head. He took a deep, shaky breath and started over. “I’m. So. Angry.” The punctuated words were spoken barely above a whisper. “Please leave… before I do something I’ll regret.” He risked a glance at the man standing before him. Hardeen’s face had softened, and Anakin could see a flicker of Obi-Wan’s countenance behind his eyes, pained but understanding.

“I’m sorry, Anakin–”

“Please,” Anakin repeated. Every fiber of his being was urging him to slam the man against the wall and scream until his lungs gave out. Or wrap him in his arms and weep until he ran out of tears. He looked down again and forced himself to take another deep breath. Then two more.  “I – I just need time.” A hard, audible swallow. “I don’t have a lot of faith in my self-control right now, and I – I don’t –” He finally looked up to meet the older man’s eyes. “I don’t ever want to hurt you.”

Obi-Wan flinched slightly, almost imperceptibly, at the implied jab, then nodded. “Very well… I’ll… I’ll keep my distance then,” he quietly replied. His gaze dropped to the floor, and he stood there for a moment considering his next words. Finally, he met Anakin’s eyes once more and stated, with unwavering earnestness, “I don’t ever want to hurt you, either, you know.” He turned to leave but hesitated after a few steps. He looked back at Anakin, offered a sad smile, and said, “I’m proud of you.”

He was gone before Anakin had a chance to process the words.

----------

----------

 

Obi-Wan proceeded wearily to his room for the evening. He placed his hand against the biometric sensor embedded in the wall, and the door beside it slid open with a soft, metallic whir, revealing a small suite adorned in deep blues, with lush carpet, minimal but comfortable furnishings, and a fully stocked kitchenette detailed in fine black marble and warm polished laroon wood. His current disposition left him unable to appreciate how lovely it all was, however, as thoughts of Anakin and the Rako Hardeen operation stubbornly crowded his head.

He should have been pleased. The mission had ultimately thwarted Dooku’s latest plot, and the Chancellor was safe. Anakin was safe. But as he rummaged through the cupboards in search of some tea, Obi-Wan felt his scant relief rapidly fading, displaced by a growing sense of defeat.

His former padawan’s earlier words echoed in his ears as he prepared an infuser with loose, Corellian-spiced leaves and dispensed steaming water over it.


You lied to me! How many other lies have I been told by the Council?

Obi-Wan brought his cup to a small table and sat for a moment, allowing the tea to steep. He closed his eyes, resting his forehead against his palms, and tried to reach along the bond that remained tenuously threaded between him and his former padawan. Instead of meeting Anakin’s familiar glowing Force signature at the other end, he felt only a dull, unresponsive ember. Anakin was blocking him out completely.

Obi-Wan sighed. Although he would only admit it to the part of himself he kept locked away and buried beneath layers and layers of Jedi stoicism, he’d missed their connection. He’d had to temporarily block their link for the sake of the mission, and he’d hoped—foolishly, in retrospect—that Anakin would embrace their reestablished bond and welcome Obi-Wan back. Back home, he thought, taking a cautious sip of his tea.

He shook his head and tried to let go of the sentiment before he could reflect further on how much he missed the younger man… How warm and intense and comfortable and safe and right Anakin’s Force signature had always felt intertwined with his own…. How incomplete he felt in its absence… How empty my life would be without it…

He inhaled sharply at the last thought. It wreaked of attachment. You must let go of that which you fear to lose, he lectured himself. But the reprimand was half-hearted, at best, and his chest constricted as he contemplated the extent of the damage he might have done. The mission had been a success, but at what cost? Would his former padawan ever trust him again?

He swallowed the lump forming in his throat and closed his eyes, pushing away the wave of dread threatening to wash over him.

This will pass, he assured himself. He just needs time.

His thoughts were interrupted by a knock at his door. 

He set his cup down and made his way to the access panel beside his suite entrance, checking the security screen. A small part of him thought he might see Anakin standing outside, but instead he found Senator Amidala waiting there, lost in thought and worrying at her bottom lip. When the door slid open, she appeared startled.

“Senator,” he greeted her, concerned. “Is everything alright?”

“Forgive me… Master Kenobi,” she responded diplomatically. “I’ve yet to adjust to your disguise. It is… very convincing.”

“Believe me, I’m well aware. I very much look forward to getting my old self back when I return to Coruscant. Please, come in.” He gestured for her to take a seat while he continued to speak. “May I offer you some tea?”

“No... thank you. I...” she trailed off as she sat on the edge of a plush velvet sofa, looking like she wasn’t sure where to begin.

Obi-Wan settled onto a matching chair across from her, clasping his hands together and leaning forward with his elbows on his thighs. “I presume your reason for this visit extends beyond your desire to gawk at this… astonishingly handsome face?” he asked with a small smirk, waving a hand theatrically from his chin to his forehead.

She smiled, a light blush rising to her cheeks, but her tone was serious.  “I… I’m worried about Anakin.”

That would make two of us. “Oh?” was Obi-Wan’s non-committal reply.

She looked down at her hands, which were fidgeting nervously in her lap. “He hasn’t been the same since… your funeral. He… he barely speaks to me. He won’t eat. He doesn’t sleep.” The words tumbled from her mouth before she could more carefully consider their implications. “I mean–”

Obi-Wan caught the brief flicker of panic on the senator’s face and recognized her dilemma. “Padmé,” he said empathetically, using her first name to stress his sincerity, “I assure you, there’s no need to navigate this so delicately with me. I’m not blind. I’ve seen how deeply the two of you care for one another.” He dutifully rebuffed the small pang of envy prodding his traitorous heart.

Padmé was silent for a moment. “Does the Council know?” she asked quietly.

“I can’t be sure, but it’s not something they’ll ever hear from me.”

“But… have you no obligation to report such matters? Matters that violate the Jedi code?”

Obi-Wan sighed heavily. “Perhaps I do… But I would argue that my duty to consider what is best for the greater good outweighs that obligation.”

Padmé gave him a quizzical look.

“Anakin is different from any other Jedi I’ve ever known,” he explained, absently bringing a hand up to stroke at a beard that wasn’t there. “While other younglings are brought to the temple in their infancy, Anakin had nearly a decade to grow accustomed to the comfort of his mother. It’s too much – it’s… it’s cruel, frankly – to expect him to live without some sort of attachment after knowing it for so long. He needs… he needs to love. He needs to feel loved. It keeps him balanced.”

Padmé nodded uncertainly. Obi-Wan met her gaze, and his tone softened.

“Whatever he has with you, Padmé, I’m grateful he has it. He feels so much… He… he is so unbelievably strong in the Force, and every emotion he feels, he feels with an intensity that could, quite literally, move a planet. To carry that burden alone would be a virtual invitation to the dark side. And…” He sighed resignedly before continuing, “…it’s a burden he hasn’t seemed keen to share with me for –” how long had it been since Anakin had confided in him? Cried on his shoulder? “–several years. So I’m… I’m glad he can come to you for… for whatever he needs.”

They sat in silence for a moment, and Obi-Wan chuckled softly. “I apologize, I didn’t mean to derail the conversation. You were saying that Anakin hasn’t been himself since…”

She nodded. “And that would be an understatement.”  

Obi-Wan was uncertain where this was going but felt compelled to offer an explanation. “As my padawan, he once said I was the closest thing he had to a father. Since then, we have fought side-by-side, as brothers, battle after battle, suffering through the darkest defeats and celebrating the most bittersweet victories… together. It’s not unreasonable that my loss would affect him more deeply than others.”

Padmé said nothing, but Obi-Wan sensed she had more on her mind. “What is it, Padmé?”

“He nearly took his own life.” The words came quietly.

Surely Obi-Wan had heard them wrong. He blinked. He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. Eventually, he managed a choked, “I’m sorry, what?”

“While you were still undercover in prison…” she started to explain.

Obi-Wan’s mind was reeling. Anakin wouldn’t. Would he? What had he been thinking? How did – 

“… he commed me one evening… he was sobbing. I – I thought he was finally just allowing himself to grieve, but then… he told me that he was sorry, and… that was all he said before he cut out. I tried to com him back repeatedly, and when I finally got an answer, it was Ahsoka.” Padmé stopped there and took a deep breath. The tattooed face of Rako Hardeen had gone pale. An uneasy silence settled briefly over the room, broken by the delicate but prolonged clinking of Obi-Wan’s teacup as he set it down with clumsy, shaking fingers.

“Does Ahsoka know about you and Anakin?” he asked, trying to distract himself from the unfolding narrative.

“She does now. It was the only way I could convince her to be honest with me about what had happened. Still, she provided little detail. I just know that she found him – probably saved his life.”

Obi-Wan felt his heart fill with a deep, ruthless ache. He had never imagined Anakin – confident to the point of arrogance and resilient to the point of recklessness – capable of turning to self-harm, no matter the depth of his despair. And to think that he wasn’t there for Anakin in a time of such need…

Padmé watched as the man’s expressions became more pained. “Obi-Wan, I’m telling you all this because I know you can help – I need you to help Anakin. He won’t let me help him – he won’t talk to me about any of this. But you… you can reach him.”

He nearly scoffed. “Me? Padmé, I appreciate your faith in me, truly, but I betrayed Anakin. He may never open up to me again. And if he won’t even confide in you…”  

Padmé had pushed herself off her seat as he spoke, stepping close enough to place a hand on Obi-Wan’s shoulder. She crouched down to meet his eyes and said, plainly, “He won’t confide in me because I’m not his deepest attachment, and he doesn’t want me to know it.”

“I’m not sure I follow…” Obi-Wan replied. There were too many thoughts in his head, and he was struggling to grasp what she might mean.

Padmé offered a small smile as she stood up again and made her way to the door. “You may not be blind, but I think you are far-sighted. You are failing to see what is right in front of you – what has been right in front of you for a long time. Anakin will trust you again, I’m certain. Don’t give up on him.”

“I will do what I can, Padmé.”

“I know you will. Thank you, Obi-Wan. Goodnight.”

----------

----------

 

The following morning, Obi-Wan boarded a small craft and set its coordinates for Coruscant. The Council had directed Anakin to remain with the Chancellor on protection detail until his on-planet affairs were concluded, then Anakin would accompany him and the senator back to Coruscant.

Padmé had suggested Obi-Wan stay until they could all depart together the following day, but Obi-Wan politely declined, insisting he was anxious to shed his disguise.

When the last wisps of Naboo’s atmosphere were behind him, he set the controls to autopilot and leaned back, pressing the heels of his hands against his closed eyes.

He was exhausted. During the moments he’d managed to drift to sleep that night, he’d been assaulted by recurring visions of Anakin sobbing helplessly to Padmé before taking his life, of Ahsoka holding Anakin’s unresponsive body. In one version, Anakin had stepped of the ledge of a Coruscant skyscraper. In another, he’d choked down several handfuls of various pills and convulsed until his body stilled. A lightsaber through his heart. A blaster to his head. Each vision more gruesome than the next. And in all of them, striking, tearful blue eyes boring into his own, with a whispered “why aren’t you here?”

In some instances, the horror had been enough to wake him, gasping and disoriented, and other times he would simply turn over restlessly with a whimper, fingers curling into the bedsheet and brows furrowed in distress as the next sequence began.

When the nightmares had finally subsided, they were replaced by cruel, licentious dreams – fantasies no doubt spawned by Padmé’s earlier words, which had trickled into his subconscious mind and allowed his most basic human desires to pervert their meaning. Anakin’s soft lips on his bare skin. A warm hand beneath his robes, caressing his most intimate places. A breathy “I love you, Obi-Wan” murmured against his ear. Overwhelming sensations of Anakin filling his mind, filling his body….

He’d awoken then with a jolt, shame flooding his heart as he struggled to catch his breath. His hands had trembled as he changed his sleep clothes, damp with perspiration and sullied with evidence of his unsolicited release. For the rest of the night, he had remained awake, seated on the floor, eyes closed and legs crossed in futile meditation.  

Now, still alone with his thoughts, he tried to shift his focus to the present. Tracking his course. Monitoring other ships in the vicinity. Preparing to jump to hyperspace. Mentally scrolling through his to-do list upon his return to the Temple. Anything to drive away the night’s grisly visions of what might have been and merciless reveries of what he knew could never be.

Once he landed, he reasoned, his first order of business would be to rid himself of this Force-forsaken disguise. He was hoping the Council would wait until Anakin’s return before calling for a full debriefing. He really was in no capacity to speak with them about the mission yet, and he wanted some time to check in with Ahsoka. The young padawan never failed to lift his spirits, and perhaps she would open up to him about what had happened with her master. He was afraid of what he might learn, but he needed to know.   

As he cruised smoothly and silently through hyperspace, the full extent of his fatigue took hold. Sleep beckoned, and he began to doze. Thankfully, the depth of his exhaustion made his slumber dreamless, and he was roused only by the jerk of the shuttle as it lurched out of hyperspace and descended upon Coruscant. As the Jedi Temple came into view, he watched a landing platform gracefully extend from one of the spires. He brought the vessel down smoothly and disembarked, signaling permission to a nearby droid to transfer the ship to the adjacent hangar.

Mace Windu met him at the hangar entrance.

“Welcome back, Obi-Wan. I trust your return voyage was without incident?”

“Thank you –” Obi-Wan began. It was the first time he’d spoken aloud since his conversation with Padmé, and he flinched at the sound of Hardeen’s voice. He never wanted to hear the voice again. He cleared his throat. “Thank you, Master Windu. Nothing out of the ordinary.”

Mace fell into step beside him, and they walked through the air dock and entered a large foyer. They spoke as they made their way to the far wall, which was lined with series of alumabronze elevator doors. The wall was softly illuminated by cylindrical sconces of serene blue light mounted between the doors. Obi-Wan was trying to latch onto the familiarity of the space, to bring a sense of peace to his unsettled mind, when Mace spoke again.

“I have a med droid prepping the transformation chamber as we speak. How soon might you be ready for the procedure?”

“I’m quite ready now, if it can be accommodated.”

“Excellent. I believe we’ll all benefit from having the old Obi-Wan Kenobi back,” Mace replied with brief smile. He pressed a sequence of numbers on a keypad that had risen from the floor on an angled post. “I’ll accompany you, if you don’t mind,” he said, as a set of doors opened, and they stepped inside.

“Not at all,” Obi-Wan agreed, not wanting to give Mace a reason to believe anything was wrong. He wasn’t feeling particularly conversational, however.

Mace seemed to sense as much, thankfully, and said nothing further as he turned a dial and entered a code to send them to the lower levels of the Temple. The interior surface of the elevator was highly reflective, and Obi-Wan’s stomach turned as he caught Rako Hardeen staring back at him. He closed his eyes for the remainder of the descent.

They exited the elevator and walked together in amicable silence through pillared halls, stepping through glimmering shafts of light that filtered diagonally into the Temple as evening approached. Occasionally another Jedi would pass, gaze lingering curiously on the strange man walking with Master Windu. They passed a group of younglings seated in a circle, practicing their meditation under the guidance of an older padawan. Obi-Wan caught at least three of them peeking beneath their eyelids and turning their heads to follow him. Succumbing to his soft spot for little ones, he flashed them a small grin and moved his outside hand in a subtle wave. Mace pretended not to notice and began to speak.     

“The Council and Chancellor Palpatine owe a debt of gratitude to you and Skywalker.”

You have no idea. “We are happy to be of service,” he replied tactfully, “although I regret allowing Dooku yet another escape.”

“Had you not turned back, the outcome could have been far worse. What matters for now is that the Chancellor was saved. We will deal with Dooku at the next opportunity.”

As they neared the transformation chamber, Mace halted his steps and turned to Obi-Wan, looking him in the eye. His voice heavy with concern, he asked, “How has Anakin responded since learning the truth behind the mission?”

Obi-Wan chose his words cautiously. “He is angry, as we should expect.”

“Surely he understands our reasoning?”

“I don’t know. He will not speak to me.”

A look of exasperated disgust flashed across Windu’s face. “He behaves like a child,” he said, his tone harsh.

Obi-Wan bristled at the comment. Although he himself felt no qualms about admonishing his former padawan for inappropriate conduct, he didn’t care to hear such criticism from anyone else. “Sometimes, yes,” was his short reply.

Windu sighed. “I would hate for this…petulance… to interfere with his duties. We are stretched thin enough as it is - we can’t afford to have him sulking about, distracted by emotions he refuses to keep in check.” There was a hard glint in his eye. Obi-Wan said nothing. “Barring any unforeseen circumstances, Skywalker is expected to arrive in the morning. The Council will meet shortly thereafter to discuss your next assignments. I hope you’ll be able to talk some sense into him when we adjourn.”

“I will do my best.”

Mace nodded and opened the chamber door. “Perhaps he will be more receptive toward you once you look a little more like your old self.”

A long corridor stretched before them, threaded through a cluster of exam rooms. The atmosphere was cold and clinical. The rooms were small, and each shared one transparisteel wall with the main hall. Mace directed Obi-Wan into the second room on the left, where he took a seat on the hard, sterile surface of an exam table.

“I’ll send the med droid in momentarily,” Mace said, closing the door and leaving Obi-Wan to himself.

Obi-Wan leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and ran his hands over his foreign face one last time. He closed his eyes to block out Hardeen’s image, again mirrored in the polished surfaces that surrounded him. As if to fill the quiet darkness, Anakin’s words began streaming through his head.


If I’d known what was going on, I could have helped you. Too bad the Council didn’t trust me.


Your decision?


You lied to me! How many other lies have I been told by the Council? And how do you know that you even have the whole truth?


You lied to me.

With every iteration, the truth in Anakin’s angry words cut deeper. Obi-Wan had intentionally deceived his former padawan. And not just any deception – he’d made Anakin believe he’d been killed. He had somehow managed to convince himself that his own death would be received by Anakin no differently than any other casualties to which they’d grown accustomed on the battlefield.

But in contrast to the ascetic acceptance and perseverance implicitly expected of a Jedi, there’d been a suicide attempt.

He put his head in his hands. There had to be more to it than just losing his old master, hadn’t there? But if that were the case, what kind of fool had Obi-Wan been to miss his friend’s suffering? And if not – if Obi-Wan’s death had truly been the sole reason for Anakin’s attempt on his own life – then what kind of fool had Obi-Wan been to miss the depth of his attachment? Obi-Wan groaned audibly. Either way, he’d failed Anakin. Monumentally.

His thoughts were abruptly cut off when a sharp pain in his neck reminded him why he was here. He opened his mouth to chastise the med droid whose arrival he’d failed to notice, but the facial transformation injection began to act before he could speak, sending him into a momentary fit of agony while his muscles, bone, and cartilage returned to their original configuration.

The pain began to subside, but the droid gave him little time to recover. One long metal arm approached his face with a scanner, which hummed and beeped in front of him while a second arm reached up with what appeared to be set of intimidatingly long, curved tweezers. “Please open your mouth,” came the monotone request.

He did as he was told and was immediately assaulted by the instrument, which the droid thrust deep into his throat to retrieve the vocal emulator that had been lodged there throughout the mission. Obi-Wan gave a muffled grunt in protest as it was roughly yanked from him. He gagged, coughed, and ultimately bolted to the counter, gripping its edges as he retched unceremoniously into the metal sink before him. Bile burned the fresh abrasions along the lining of his pharynx, abrasions made by the emulator on its way out. As he caught his breath, he sputtered hoarsely at the med droid without looking up, “I do hope… whoever is responsible…. for your next tune-up… handles you with… comparable delicacy.”

He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, noting a difference in the way his lips felt against his skin. He ran his fingers cautiously over his other features, still sensitive to the touch. His jaw and chin were stubbled, but smooth enough for him to feel the cleft in his chin. His jawline was narrower, his cheeks fuller, his nose more refined. He hesitantly lifted his head to glance at the mirror behind the basin and found a familiar face returning his gaze. It was a tired face, with weary, bloodshot eyes. He watched as he ran a hand over his pale, shaven scalp. It had grown the slightest amount of stubble, enough to match the five o’clock shadow below.

For the first time in weeks, he felt a legitimate sense of relief, and he released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.

He rinsed out the sink, cupped his hands under the faucet, then lowered his head to submerge his face in the cool water he’d collected. It drained between his fingers, then he used his wet hands to wipe the grime from his face and neck. He heard a knock as he toweled off and looked up to see Mace standing at the door.

“That med droid has the bedside manner of a rabid zillo beast,” Obi-Wan stated wryly.

“Nice hair,” Mace said with a grin. “You should keep it shaven. The look suits you.”

“On the contrary,” Obi-Wan countered, “I’ll be growing it out as fast as humanly possible, lest anyone think I’ve made a deliberate choice to emulate your fashion sense.”

“Good to have you back, Obi-Wan.”

