An Unexpected Redemption - Chapter 1 - Anilyn - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24147055 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-12
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  7756
Chapters:  3/?
Comments:  8
Kudos:  3
Bookmarks:  1
Hits:  67
Rating:  Explicit
Archive Warning:  Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:  F/M
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Original TrilogyStar Wars Prequel Trilogy
Relationship:  Darth Vader/Original Female Character(s)
Characters:  Darth VaderOriginal Female Character(s)Sheev Palpatine | Darth SidiousVaneé (Star Wars)Original Male Character(s)
Additional Tags:  Getting to Know Each OtherArranged MarriageAngst and Hurt/ComfortPOV Darth VaderFalling In LoveTrue LoveLove at First SightFirst LoveDeclarations Of LoveArmored Darth Vader SexSexRough SexVaginal SexSemi-Public SexLoss of Virginity
Language:  English

Summary:
This fanfiction has been written to give this character the second chance he always deserved. One can heal the soul when one is in the vibration of unconditional love, because the weak people take revenge when the strong people forgive. | The story is taking place 5 years after the advent of the Galactic Empire.


Chapter 1: Arrival on Coruscant
    
Chapter Text

All of the Imperial Senate seemed to be abuzz with the festivities that were taking place within it. People were crowded into its huge lobby. The air was a seemingly endless stream of conversations. Most of the attendees were there of their own free will, by some degree or another. Some – however – were not. But they didn’t dare disrupt the overall jovial mood of the celebration.

The only one that did not appear to be enjoying himself was the only one that was really allowed to. Seated on his massive throne, the Emperor oversaw the ongoings with a deep frown. Everyone was present, save for the only really important guest. And while the Emperor had no reason to assume this said guest wouldn’t show up, punctuality was something to be appreciated. Grumbling a sigh and shifting slightly in his seat, Palpatine looked over the crowd once again. He recognized most of the faces, though a few were new. Regardless, he knew each and every one of those guests was the leader or government chief of their planet. They had all been invited – or strongly encouraged – to attend the Annual Reception. For Darth Sidious : This particular event was the opportunity to familiarize himself with the new leaders, as well as renegotiate commercial and military agreements.

For the planetary leaders : It was the opportunity to try and curry favor with Palpatine or – at the very least – ingratiate themselves into his good graces.

Such attempts were rather amusing for the Emperor.

 

His apprentice – Darth Vader – had been standing by his side since the festivities had begun an hour ago. However : The crowds, conversations and frequent stares had finally worn down what little patience Lord Vader had. He had taken his leave to retreat in the quietness of the Senate’s penthouse.

The Emperor hadn’t given it too much thought.

 

°°°°°°°°°°  °°°°°°°°°°

 

As soon as he stepped into the empty penthouse : Darth Vader felt markedly better. He soon began pacing around the room, taking advantage of the space and the lack of occupants.

There was only one person that had remained with him. His usual attendant, Vaneé. He remained a respectful ten meters away from his master. He knew better than to forget his place.

Continuing to pace around the room, the Sith Lord fumed over what he had just learned on his way to the Senate. His Master was known for keeping his secrets, but Darth Vader would have never expected one like this. It seemed pretty clear that the Emperor wanted an heir. Since Vader was physically diminished, the Emperor had voiced concerns about the Sith lineage being continued should something happen to his apprentice. Darth Sidious had then gone on to assure that love or a wedding was not necessary, simply a physical union to produce a healthy heir who would have Vader’s full potential in the Force. Finally, and without even a pause or seeming to consider his apprentice’s reaction, the Emperor had explained he had already chosen the perfect match. The details beyond that had been scant. Palpatine just said the woman would be present tonight to meet Darth Vader. This unexpected news gnawed at the tatters of his patience and fueled his incessant pacing. His thoughts raced madly as he tried to comprehend what was being ordered of him. The Emperor had made it very clear – in no uncertain terms – that the only choice Darth Vader had in the matter was if he was going to enjoy the union or not. And, as the memories of Padme and their unborn child began to creep up on him : He could feel his anger beginning to rise once again. Occasionally : Such fury would physically manifest when an object would go telekinetically flying across the room. Fortunately, Vader still had the wherewithal to avoid striking Vaneé.

And, of course : The old man never flinched. Not even when a vase shattered or a plate went whizzing through the air to crash against the wall.

« How could he even think I would tolerate this ? » Darth Vader hissed to himself. The demand was punctuated by another plate being flung across the room by an invisible force. The black silhouette continued to pace back and forth. Frustratingly enough : The more he dwelled on the subject that had been sprung on him with no warning, the more enraged he became.

 

 It was only the sound of the crowds suddenly going very quiet that pulled Vader from his thoughts. He snapped his gaze up to Vaneé, who was peeking over the railing of the penthouse balcony. « What is it ? » Darth Vader demanded.

« It seems that a last-minute guest has arrived, my Lord. » Vaneé diligently answered, bowing in respect in front of his master.

Despite his upset, Darth Vader couldn’t help his curiosity. He immediately strode over to the balcony, resting his hands against the railing.

Vaneé shuffled back a few paces to give his master space, but he was inquisitive enough to keep peeking over the balcony railing.

Below them, the massive crowd had miraculously managed to part and make way for the incoming procession.

Despite his rather sour mood : Lord Vader himself couldn’t help but noted how intricate, beautiful and almost ethereal the procession appeared. It seemed to gradually light up the whole building as it moved forward. And yet… There was something more about the latest guest. For when Darth Vader reached out a little further with the Force, he could tell this guest was no stranger to it. However, frustratingly enough : A thick, luxurious, velvet coat concealed the guest’s appearance from his view.

They paused along the walkway and tilted their head upwards towards him. The guest answered Lord Vader’s inquisitive pulse through the Force. It was quick and acknowledging. Still, the hood continued to conceal their features.

In a moment that genuinely surprised him : Vader felt the undeniable response through the Force, leaving him utterly curious.  

With that : The hooded guest continued forward, the crowd parting without a word or being ordered to move. The proverbial path that was created led straight to the Emperor.

That fact only furthered Lord Vader’s curiosity about that hooded person whom he very strongly suspected to be the woman mentioned by the Emperor earlier this evening. It was only when the procession continued to walk forward that he turned his attention at the other people accompanying the guest.

There were guards. But there had been guards accompanying plenty of the guests that were present tonight. However, other than the guards : There was only one other man. An officer, from the looks of it.

Vader then walked away from the railing, and left for the outdoor balcony.          

 

°°°°°°°°°°  °°°°°°°°°°

 

Back down on the ground floor, the Emperor was watching at the said procession approach with a scrutinizing – but neutral appearing – gaze. Once the woman had stopped at a respectable distance and slightly bowed her head, Palpatine nodded in return to her. Casting a quick smirk to the crowds, which were still watching the last minute guest with rapt interest : The Emperor focused his attention on the young woman before him. « Your arrival is most appreciated, your Majesty. » The Emperor crooned, his smirk still remaining somewhat. « I trust that your journey here was safe. And I do hope that your planet is continuing to do well. »

The young woman simply and politely nodded again in response.

« While I would gladly entertain any question you may have had… » The Emperor continued : « There are far more important matters to be discussed about at the present time. »

That statement made the hooded guest lift her head a little, in a silent inquiry.

« I intend for you to formally meet my apprentice and future sire, Lord Darth Vader. It is the reason why you have been summoned here tonight. However… » The Emperor trailed off and sighed in mild-irritation. He then waved a hand upwards, to where the penthouse was located. « He seems to have wandered off for the time being. He seems to be wandering around the upper floors, as you just noticed. But fret not, you two will be properly introduced soon enough. »

 For a moment : The young woman paused, as though considering what she had been told. Her gaze then drifted upwards, to the upper floors of the building, once again. As she did so : The young woman reached up and, with a delicate touch, removed her hood.

Immediately the room was filled with a chorus of gasps and murmurs at the sight they now beheld.

The young woman was Princess Loralyn of Lunealia.

And while there had been rumors of her incredible beauty and grace, they paled in comparison to the radiant young woman that now stood before them.

Inhabitants of the planet of Lunealia were rarely ever seen. The planet itself was rich in resources ; and as such, very self-sufficient. Furthermore : There was an impenetrable barrier that enveloped the entire planet. There was only one entrance and exit, and it was heavily guarded. As such, seeing a simple civilian of Lunealia was a surprise for most. So, to see the Princess of Lunealia herself was like seeing a myth come to life. As beautiful and graceful as she seemed, Loralyn still seemed like some sort of otherworldly being. Despite being enraptured by the sight of her, none of the crowd dared move forward. All they could do was gaze in awe. Her slender yet curved body was of a moderate height. She was dressed in a silk dress that shimmered and moved as though made of water. Long golden blonde hair as lustrous as any star cascaded down Loralyn’s back and framed her pristine face. The light seemed to catch on the gleaming strands, giving the appearance of a halo-like glow atop the Princess’s head. The soft radiance emphasized Loralyn’s pale, flawless skin ; with freckles lightly dotting across the bridge of her nose and at the top of both cheeks. The pink hue of her eyes was matched only by her full, luscious lips ; which were only a couple of shades darker. Such enrapturing magnificence and noble grace had never been seen before.

Despite all the stares and whispers that surrounded her, Loralyn was completely unfettered by them. In fact : She paid them no heed, with her countenance remaining calm and focused. Her attentions were solely on the upper floors of the Senate.

