Child of the Many - Chapter 1 - TheSleepingOne (SleepingNebula) - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24151546 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-12
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  4278
Chapters:  2/?
Kudos:  22
Bookmarks:  1
Hits:  140
Rating:  Not Rated
Archive Warning:  Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy  Characters:  Ahsoka TanoAnakin SkywalkerVokara Che
Additional Tags:  Alternate Universe - ZombiesAlternate Universe - Modern SettingFound FamilyCanon-Typical Violence
Language:  English
Series:  ← Previous Work Part 2 of the I've Served My Time In Hell series

Summary:
Ahsoka’s side of the story for I’ve Served My Time In Hell


Chapter 1

Chapter Text

“Drop your weight more,” Anakin insists.

“Skyguy, if I drop my weight any more my butt will be on the floor.”

“Not if you do it properly.”

Ahsoka sighs and readjusts her position minutely to satisfy him because she did ask for his help. It makes her thighs burn but it does allow her to get a better angle – she’s never going to have the height advantage on Anakin, but being below his centre of mass does give her an opening into several of his pressure points that she can exploit.

“I get the feeling,” she gripes, “that whoever developed Djem So never missed a meal a day in their life.” It’s not the most economical of forms when it comes to conserving energy. But then it is all about explosive uses of power and using aggression to gain supremacy over the opponent.

“Hey, if you want to be stuck with Soresu for the rest of your life, be my guest.”

Soresu, at least, doesn’t require the same level of exertion because it’s all about defence and endurance. But her aim is to one day beat Obi-Wan and she can’t do that by matching his defences because she knows she will always be the one to tire first. He can fight indefinitely, she cannot. He wasn’t known as the Master of Soresu for nothing back at the Academy.

“Shut up and fight me.”

“Don’t get snippy with me, little one.”

He says it good naturedly which is completely at odds with the driving attack that comes next and she blinks from her position on her back looking up at the sky, air driven from her lungs by her sudden shift in perspective.

“Right,” Anakin says, stepping back, “as far as technique goes, I’m going to say that could use a little improvement.”

“You didn’t give me a chance to show you my technique.”

“Then make me,” he challenges. “Also, keep your guard up and your weight low.”

Ahsoka pushes herself to her feet and mock bows in her direction. “Yes Master,” she intones, like they do in all those martial arts movies she and her friends back at the Academy used to rip to shreds on their movie nights.

He picks up a stone and throws it in her direction.

“Is that a more advanced move?” she asks innocently.

He charges at her instead of answering and this time she’s ready. He tries to barge his shoulder into her chest to knock her off her feet and she meets his force with her own give – like a tree bending in the wind so it doesn’t break (at least that’s how Obi-Wan had described it to her) – she twists to one side, hooking her foot under Anakin’s and using his own momentum as the drive to trip him up. It’s most definitely something Obi-Wan taught her, and not what Anakin is trying to teach her, but she sees the chance and takes it. Anakin is far too good to go over completely and twists free, but comes up off balance and she uses the opening to ram her knee into places he’d rather she didn’t.

He drops like the stone.

“That,” he wheezes, “was not Djem So.”

“Sure it was.”

They’re out the front of the farmhouse, making the most of the last light of the day while they wait for Obi-Wan to return. It goes unsaid that he should be back by now, but they have an agreement; twenty-four hours before they send out search and rescue. Which means they have to wait until first light before they go looking for him. She isn’t worried just yet, because she trusts Obi-Wan and she knows he can look after himself, and it’s not even that late.

But she also knows his knack for getting himself into trouble.

There’s another reason they’re out here too; rations are running low and they’ve made a collective decision to cut down to half-portions. Starvations rations. She’s hungry and she needs a distraction from the ache in her belly. She can’t even grumble about it because she knows both Obi-Wan and Anakin put aside some of their own food for her, and she has to pretend she doesn’t notice because they’ll only worry otherwise. It also means she can’t complain about it, because they’ll give her more.

Anakin straightens his back with a wince as he stands, shooting her looks of betrayal as he limps over to the water pump and sticks his head underneath it, using the hand that isn’t protecting himself to pull the lever. Ahsoka tries not to smirk because he looks like a dog that’s taken an unwanted bath when he’s done and she knows if she points that out to him he’ll resume their spar.

Threepio trots out from the shade of the house, tongue hanging out as he pants, making a beeline for the pump.

“You thirsty, boy?”

He trots passed, into Anakin’s arms and looks up expectantly.

“Alright, alright,” Anakin mumbles and pulls the lever.

But Threepio suddenly isn’t interested. His head is cocked sideways, in the direction of the driveway. A low growl begins in the back of his throat and develops into a full snarl of warning-danger-terror.

Anakin’s demeanour changes instantly as his hackles rise. There’s the faint sound of a car in the distance and both of them know what that means. Nobody has a car these days, not unless they’re with the raiders, because nobody can afford to expend the energy it requires to find the fuel to keep one running, not over finding food. And it’s coming their way.

“Ahsoka, get into the house.”

She doesn’t need to be told twice. Anakin is right behind her and he swings the door shut behind the three of them, looking around for something to barricade it with. There’s nothing but the old sideboard to hand, and together they push it across the door. She reaches over to pull the dead bolt across for good measure and they retreat into the kitchen.

There isn’t really anywhere to hide, but they do their best. Ahsoka crouches underneath the table and Anakin moves to stand behind the kitchen door, keeping Threepio close to his heel. It won’t stand up to a party entering the house, but nobody can see them through the kitchen window should they look in. She prays silently that the raiders don’t bother to even come that close.

The car gets closer and closer and then she can hear it come to a stop even if she can’t see it. Many feet drop to the ground and indistinct shouting drowns out the birds that call from the fields. She can hear Anakin murmuring something that sounds like a prayer, but it’s in Huttese and she only catches one word in every three.

She closes her eyes and hopes that Obi-Wan returns soon. He’d know what to do.

“Look around, they can’t have gone far.”

Then they’re at the door and the sideboard shudders under their efforts to get it open. It sounds like they’re trying ram it, which means they’re trying to get inside, and Ahsoka peers out from under the edge of the tablecloth to meet Anakin’s eyes. He puts a finger to his lips and looks around slightly manically. There isn’t any cover, nothing practical anyway. Hiding isn’t going to do either of them any good, and their eyes fall onto the table at the same time.

She crawls out quickly, wincing at the sound of splintering wood as the door begins to yield.

“Quick,” Anakin whispers, as if she’s not doing exactly that.

They shove the chairs away and together, carefully lower the table on its side. The scrape of wood on wood – the sideboard being violently pushed aside – is the only warning they get as the door implodes and they both duck behind their cover. Anakin reaches over to squeeze her shoulder in a slightly unreassuring display of reassurance and Threepio whimpers.

“They’re here somewhere,” someone growls and the sound is tortured by some kind of voice box.

Doors open and Ahsoka can visibly see their time ticking away. The last grain of sand falls into the bottom of glass, and the door is opened. She can’t see who it is because she’s resolutely not looking.

“In here!”

Anakin snarls and grabs one of the chairs behind them and hurls it in their direction. It hits the doorframe and the side of the raider’s face and it brings a hail of bullets in their direction in answer. She gasps and crouches lower, hugging her knees. Anakin swears in a way she knows would give Obi-Wan an aneurism, and the idiot throws another chair. More bullets slam the table into her back and pierce the cupboard doors opposite, and then there’s a searing, burning pain in her arm and her vision flashes white.

“Ahsoka!”

The static recedes to gift her with Anakin’s fear and fury. “I’m fine,” she snaps, because his hold on her arm is not helping. “We need to get out of here.”

“Working on it.”

She shakes as she looks at her arm and does her best not to think too hard about it. It’s not fatal by any means – yet, her traitorous mind supplies, because infection and blood loss are nobody’s friend – but the bullet has punctured the flesh of her arm and blood dribbles down her skin and onto the floor. She allows herself to repeat Anakin’s curses to make herself feel better, and then ducks lower at the next hail of bullets.

They need to get out of here, and they need to do so soon. She works through all of their possible exits in her mind and turns to Anakin. “Throw the next chair through the window,” she grits because it hurts.

He looks confused for a second and then catches on and turns to grab another only to find there aren’t any more. Fuck. There’s nothing else to hand either, besides the tin kettle on the stove, but she doesn’t think that’s going to be enough. Anakin throws all his weight against one of the table legs and she worries he’s injured too and has lost enough blood to lose his mind, but then it splits, falling off and she sees what he’s trying to do.

“Cover me,” Anakin tells her and even through the pain she manages to give him an incredulous look.

With what exactly, she’s about to ask and then she spies the kettle and sighs. She’s up and on her feet before she can think twice, and then she’s grabbing it and dropping back to the floor before anyone can work out what she’s trying to do.

“Ready?” she asks.

“Ready.”

She twists onto her knees for a better angle and throws the kettle into the doorway with her good arm. It’s not much, but it’s enough of a distraction of Anakin to aim better and there’s the sound of shattering glass.

“Go!” Anakin shouts and she tries to do what he does – not think about all the things that could possibly go wrong – and follows him as he vaults over the top of the table.

Someone fires outside the house, through the window, at the same time as several of the raiders finally make it through the doorway and she realises in that second that they are most definitely not making it out of the house. Instinctively she drops to the floor, blinking away the black spots that dot her vision. She can’t see Anakin or Threepio, and she doesn’t have time to worry about it because someone grabs her hair by one of her buns, dragging her to her feet and she screams.

She reaches up to grab at the hand and relieve the pressure, the way the Academy taught her to when someone grabs her hair, but her injured arm isn’t responding and she can’t get a proper hold. She kicks the legs behind her instead, and then her entire world shifts sideways, and she’s thrown to the floor. It’s Anakin, she realises, because he’s decided to tackle her attacker and it seems neither of them were expecting it. Her scalp burns because the raider didn’t let go as they fell and she rolls out of the their sphere of damage as he and Anakin start to wrestle. A clump of her hair is thrown to the side as the attacker scrambles to deal with the ferocity of her brother.

She shuffles backwards, until her back bumps into the fireplace, trying to get out of Anakin’s way as he grapples with the raider. More of them pour into the room, but they don’t dare fire on their comrade, and instead stand back, seemingly amused by the turn of events.

One of them, their gas mask painted with thick white stripes across one eye, cocks their head considering. “Change of plan, I want them alive. The East Barracks will take them, the boss is always complaining we don’t have enough recruits.”

Ahsoka’s heart hammers in her chest, but if they’re wanted alive then it buys them time for Obi-Wan to come and find them – and she has every confidence he will come for them. Panicked, she realises he’ll have no idea where they’re being taken. Anakin pummels the raider in the face and the man swears and draws a knife.

“Alive,” the lead raider repeats.

“Oh, he’ll be alive,” the other raider snarls and dives at her brother.

She shuffles further out of the arc of the knife and gasps when that makes her arm flare up. Soot coats her fingers from the fireplace and that gives her a frantic idea. Obi-Wan will come back to find them gone, but she can give him a head start in finding them. She scrawls into the ash behind her, not looking at what she’s doing in case it gives the game away. The clump of hair lies by her feet and anger bubbles in her chest when she sees one of her silka braids has come away with it, but that gives her another idea. She drops it next to her writing, hoping it’ll make Obi-Wan take notice of her parting note.

Then Threepio decides to join the fight. He lunges, teeth bared at the raider and sinks them into the raider’s leg. They howl in fury as Anakin picks himself up from the floor, and then they twist to stab Threepio in the flank. Ahsoka can’t help but shout in protest, and the effort makes her vision dance, and the thundercloud of emotions that grace Anakin’s face makes her draw back in fright along with everyone else.

Anakin grabs the table leg from where it’s rebounded off the windowsill and hits the raider around the back of the head with it. The raider slumps to the floor and Ahsoka is horrified at the way their eyes roll into the back of their head.

Nobody needs to tell her he’s dead.

The pool of rapidly expanding blood does that on its own.

Several things happen at once; the raiders surge forwards, converging on Anakin with a fury he can’t hope to combat, not against so many. One of them rams the butt of their weapon into his forehead and he crumples like the raider he killed (self-defence, it was self-defence). Another steps forwards towards her, but she can’t take her eyes off Anakin – she thinks he’s still breathing, just unconscious – and levers her to her feet. Threepio is chased out of the room by a warning shot at his feet and she whimpers on his behalf, but she’s in no position to stand unaided, not even when the lead raider points his weapon directly between her eyes.

There’s intelligence there she thinks, he’s not one of the mindless grunts around him. “Was it you two in the store this afternoon?”

She blinks in confusion at the question.

“Did you kill my sister in the store this afternoon?” the raider repeats, spitting his words through his teeth.

The mask only makes him look more unstable and she swallows, unsure how to answer. Clearly, it wasn’t her, but it might have been Obi-Wan and it would be better not to give away the simple fact that he exists because then the raiders will go looking for him and that will make rescue all the more difficult.

“Yes,” she decides.

The raiders snarls and for a second Ahsoka thinks he might shoot her after all, but then he’s dragging her across the room and throwing her into the arms of another raider.

“Get them on the truck. Someone deal with the body.”

She’s dragged out into the hall and in a momentary lapse of balance she falls against the wall, stumbling over her own feet. The raider pushes her forwards, towards the ruins of the door, his fingers digging into her arm forcing her to bite back a scream. The light outside is overwhelmingly bright and makes her head hurt, and she shies away with no relief. Then she’s roughly dropped in the back of the truck and Anakin’s limp form is thrown in after her. The sound of a single shot rings out and that’s the last thing she hears before the darkness takes her.

