Clash of the Fates - Chapter 1 - AliceBDS - Star Wars The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24028384 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-05
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  14446
Chapters:  6/?
Comments:  29
Kudos:  163
Bookmarks:  37
Hits:  2150
Rating:  Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:  No Archive Warnings Apply
Categories:  F/MF/F
Fandoms:  Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media TypesStar Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy  Relationships:  Padmé Amidala/Anakin SkywalkerAnakin Skywalker & Ahsoka TanoObi-Wan Kenobi & Anakin SkywalkerBarriss Offee/Ahsoka TanoPadmè Amidala & Ahsoka Tano
Characters:  Ahsoka TanoAnakin SkywalkerObi-Wan KenobiPadmé AmidalaSheev Palpatine | Darth SidiousDarth MaulBarriss OffeeYoda (Star Wars)CT-7567 | RexTrace MartezRafa MartezBo-Katan Kryze
Additional Tags:  Alternate Universe - Canon DivergenceCanon Divergence - Star Wars: Revenge of the SithCanon Divergence - Star Wars: The Clone WarsWhat-IfFix-ItAnakin/Ahsoka Sibling RelationshipPost-Star Wars: Revenge of the SithEnemies to LoversBarriss Redemption ArcAnakin Redemption ArcLight Angst  Language:  English

Summary:
Sometimes, the course of life is changed with one decision.


Chapter 1: An Old Friend, Not Forgotten
    
Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text

Sometimes, the course of life is changed with one decision.

As she stared at the holoprojector before her, Ahsoka found herself with doubts again. It had only been six months since she last spoke to Anakin, and yet it felt like ten years. Calling him, asking for his help, was the right choice. So why did it feel so difficult to actually enter his contact code and press the button?

Life had seemed a bit simpler three hours earlier, when she had finally escaped the Pykes and returned Trace and Rafa to their shop on Coruscant. It had seemed like her world might return to a state of normalcy, or as normal as things could be when one was a former Jedi Padawan living in the underworld during a cataclysmic war. But then Bo-Katan Kryze had arrived, claiming to have tracked her from Oba Diah and requesting her help in liberating Mandalore from Darth Maul, and Ahsoka knew it was her obligation to assist.

Not her obligation as a Jedi, for she wasn't one anymore. Rather, it was an obligation on a different level -- as someone gifted with the Force, she felt it was her duty to help those who couldn't help themselves. For a long time, she had thought it was the Jedi Code that guided this belief. But after walking away from that life, she found that it was something inside her that had led her to put herself in harm's way for others, something that had led her to a pair of sisters down on their luck, that had led her to a Mandalorian shuttle, surrounded by dangerous warriors she barely knew.

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and felt the Force flowing around her, and then she pressed the access button and patched herself through to the Fulcrum frequency.



The transmission had gone well enough. Ahsoka had rehearsed what she wanted to say, and when she finally saw Anakin through the holoprojector, she kept it professional, informing him only that she and Bo-Katan had found an opportunity to capture Maul. But when the shuttle rendezvoused with Anakin's Star Destroyer and she found herself face to face with her former master, she had suddenly felt a complex rush of emotions -- happiness, frustration, anger, and sadness -- that resulted in her dismissing his attempts at friendly conversation.

She could feel the hurt inside him when she rebuffed him, and it gnawed at her during the briefing, in which she and Bo-Katan explained that they had but a narrow window of opportunity to seize Maul before he disappeared again. Obi-Wan, as expected, had put up opposition, insisting that he receive authorization from the Council before plunging Republic troops into a conflict on a neutral world.

It was only when everyone had left the room and they were alone, and when Anakin quipped "So, that went well, all things considered," that she finally let her defenses down.

"You two certainly haven't changed."

Anakin smiled. "Is that a bad thing?"

Ahsoka didn't respond, and merely gave him a smirk. All those other emotions she had been feeling fell away and were replaced solely by a new one: serenity. This was the right decision, she thought. This is where I'm meant to be.

"Come on," Anakin said, approaching the door. "I have a surprise for you."

He led her through the halls towards the hangar, and as they walked, clones saluted the both of them and gave their formal address. It made her uncomfortable, receiving a level of respect that should have been reserved for someone who didn't do what she had done, who hadn't abandoned the Jedi. But when Ahsoka voiced her reservations, Anakin brushed them aside.

"It doesn't matter to them. It's a sign of respect. They know what you went through for them, day after day. Battle after battle."

They paused outside the hangar door, and as it opened, Anakin turned to her. "Loyalty means everything to the clones."

Before her stood rows upon rows of clone troopers, wearing the blue stripes of the 501st Legion, with Rex standing at the head of the formation. Upon each trooper's head was a helmet painted orange and white.

As Rex called the soldiers to attention and Ahsoka walked between their ranks, she tried desperately to keep her emotions in check. She didn't deserve this, after walking away and leaving them to fight and die on battlefields without her, and yet they still remembered her and forgave her and welcomed her back with open arms.

"As soon as Rex and the guys knew you were back, they got to work," Anakin explained, pride in his voice.

"The paint job's a little crude, but we think it gets the idea across," Rex added. "Glad to have you back, commander."

"Rex, thank you. But you don't have to call me commander anymore."

"Sure thing. Commander."

Then Anakin told her that he had one more surprise, and he produced a small wooden box. Ahsoka could feel the Force calling to her from the crystals inside, and she knew what it was before he opened it.

She put her hand on the box, and the hangar filled with the shriek of alarm sirens.

Obi-Wan burst into the room as the hangar became a flurry of activity. "Anakin! Rex! Prepare all forces. We're jumping to hyperspace immediately!"

Anakin nodded. "So the attack on Mandalore was approved?"

"No, it's Coruscant. Grievous has attacked the capital."

Ahsoka was stunned. Coruscant was heavily defended, making it an effectively impenetrable target. How had Grievous gotten through, and why?

"What about the Chancellor?" Anakin asked. She could sense a strange fear in his voice.

"Shaak Ti has been sent to protect him, but Master Windu has lost contact with her. Not to worry -- our fleet can be there within the hour."

"So that's it?" Ahsoka spoke without thinking. "You're going to abandon Bo-Katan and her people?"

"Ahsoka, surely you understand. This is a pivotal moment in the Clone Wars!" Obi-Wan's voice made her feel scolded, like a child. "The heart of the Republic is under attack!"

"I understand that as usual, you're playing politics," Ahsoka snapped. "This is why the people have lost faith in the Jedi. I had too, until--"

She froze, her mouth still agape. A strange sensation had washed over her, as if she was being watched by someone who didn't want to be seen. Reaching out into the Force, she spun around and stared directly at it, at the source of the mysterious feeling.

Perched on one of the cannons of a nearby gunship was a convor. The small bird had a white belly and distinctive green plumage. It was staring straight through Ahsoka with piercing emerald eyes that seemed strangely familiar. She had never seen anything like it before.

She continued making eye contact with the convor for what seemed like an eternity until Anakin's voice brought her back to reality. "Ahsoka? Hello?"

Ahsoka had to almost physically pull herself away from staring at the unusual bird. The effect it had on her was strange, as if it wanted her to know something, or do something. She could feel the flow of time around her, and the flow of the Force around her, and for a moment she closed her eyes and allowed its power to immerse her and guide her next decision.

Sometimes, the course of life is changed with one decision.

She opened her eyes. "Yes. I understand. Coruscant comes first."

"Are you okay, Ahsoka?" Anakin reached for her with concern. "We lost you for a minute there."

"Yes, Anakin. I apologize. I was out of line. But I'm still concerned about Mandalore, and what happens if we allow Maul to get away again."

"We may not need the entire 501st," Anakin suggested. "We could split it, send Rex and a company to Mandalore to accompany Bo-Katan."

"I suppose losing a few hundred clones to Mandalore won't make much of a difference on Coruscant," Obi-Wan said, stroking his beard.

"Then it's decided," Anakin declared. "Rex, take a detachment to Mandalore. Find Maul, capture him if you can, but kill him if you have to. As soon as we're finished on Coruscant, we'll return to help you."

Rex acknowledged the order and began dividing the troops, while Obi-Wan returned to the bridge to oversee the hyperspace jump. Only Anakin and Ahsoka were left in the hangar. When the chaos had died down and the stars outside turned to blue streaks of light, Anakin turned to her and handed her the wooden box. As she had suspected, inside were two silver cylinders.

"They're good as new," Anakin said as she ignited the blades. To her surprise, they were now blue instead of green. He gave her a smile. "Maybe a little better."

As Ahsoka twirled the blades, feeling their perfectly balanced weight in her hands, she glanced back at the gunship where the convor had been sitting. It was nowhere to be seen.

Anakin put his hand on her shoulder. "With any luck, this war will be over soon. Now, let's go teach General Grievous a lesson he won't forget, shall we? Just like old times."

Ahsoka felt unease come over her. "Yeah. Just like old times."

Notes:

The Clone Wars finale got me ~feeling things~ and whoops, here we are doing an alt-universe fic about what might have happened if Ahsoka went with Anakin and everything was different.

This story will continue through the events of Episode III and beyond, with the butterfly effect growing in each chapter.

There might be some Ahsoka romance stuff in later chapters. What, and with whom, is not fully decided yet. I will update the tags accordingly.

Thank you for reading!

