desert’s oasis - Chapter 1 - selcouthinspired - Star Wars The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/22874347 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-02-25
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  32084
Chapters:  10/15
Comments:  110
Kudos:  232
Bookmarks:  61
Hits:  3288
Rating:  Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:  Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:  Multi
Fandoms:  Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media TypesStar Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy  Relationships:  Anakin Skywalker & Ahsoka TanoPadmé Amidala/Anakin SkywalkerPadmé Amidala & Obi-Wan Kenobi & Anakin Skywalker & Ahsoka TanoAnakin Skywalker & Shmi SkywalkerShmi Skywalker & Ahsoka TanoPlo Koon & Ahsoka TanoKitster Chanchani Banai/Gregar Typho
Characters:  Ahsoka TanoAnakin SkywalkerPadmé AmidalaObi-Wan KenobiShmi SkywalkerR2-D2 (Star Wars)C-3PO (Star Wars)LatransCad BaneKitster Chanchani BanaiGregar TyphoJar Jar BinksOwen LarsCliegg LarsBeru LarsNute GunraySheev Palpatine | Darth SidiousSabé (Star Wars)Watto (Star Wars)Dooku | Darth TyranusWeazel (Star Wars)Plo KoonMace WinduYoda (Star Wars)
Additional Tags:  Alternate Universe - Canon DivergencePre-Star Wars: Attack of the ClonesAngstHurt/ComfortSlaveryForce Bond (Star Wars)Master & Padawan Relationship(s)Self-DoubtSelf-DiscoveryProtective Anakin SkywalkerProtective Ahsoka TanoPost-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSDBlood and ViolenceFound FamilyFamilies of ChoiceHappy Ending  Language:  English

Summary:
oasis (n.) a pleasant or peaceful area or period in the midst of a difficult, troubled, or hectic place or situation


Chapter 1: between stars and souls
    
Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text

Ahsoka didn’t understand it. She didn’t have a name for it, but she felt it constantly, could summon it and channel it when she most needed. It was bigger than her, she knew, and everyone had it - though only some, herself included, understood it as something tangible, some invisible current, a sort of cosmic energy. It was something that connected all things both living and dead, and it flowed through the universe’s individuals, some more strongly than others. Within herself, Ahsoka recognized that feeling as potential, something not fully formed, but still admirable. Still growing.

And when she freed herself from the wreckage of her stolen ship and waded through Tatooine’s Dune Sea for the first time, unaware of where to go, it was this feeling - similar, but different from herself, beckoning - that led her through that first night. Until day broke, until the call wasn’t so urgent, Ahsoka did not stop. Atop a great canyon, she spotted the silhouette of a large settlement sitting against the backdrop of dawn, and strengthened her resolve. She would keep going. She would not let the one she ran from reclaim her, not without a fight.

And the closer she came to said settlement bustling with morning activity - ships docking in and out and gleaming faintly against pre-morning glow - the stronger the feeling she’d followed grew between herself and its source. Wherever it emanated.

But then, suddenly, she knew. She stopped on the path that led into a market’s direction entrance, turned her head minutely to the side. There, out in a junkheep some distance away... Ahsoka recognized that feeling she’d followed all night; that feeling she held within herself, in another.

Her vision tunneled to a single figure, so small from that distance, but a storm within the space between stars and souls nonetheless. They stood beneath the belly of a ship, discernible features obscured. They appeared to be working on the plating, tool in hands, sparks flying around them. Ahsoka focused on that aspect invisible to the eyes, the kind only recognized within. What she saw there was brilliant light against a backdrop of darkness; lightning in a storm - beautiful and luminescent, but deadly all the same.

And that figure, seeming to recognize the eyes of another peering deeper than skin stopped, stilled, turned...

Words translated in feeling more than concrete, solid shapes taking form...

Someone like me.

Before Ahsoka could let doubt feed her decision, before she could allow herself to dwell, she started toward them, scaling the steep hill that led down into the market. On flat ground again, she lost sight of the junkheep. Still, the feeling lingered, leading her as scent might lead a massiff. Some natives cursed at her as their paths crossed, knocking her out of their way. But Ahsoka, singularly focused, couldn’t be bothered.

She did notice, however, that the adrenaline that had distracted her the last few hours had started to fade. The pains she’d endured and the bruisings she’d acquired both before and during the crash landing onto Tatooine’s surface started to make themselves known. Ahsoka grimaced, remembering the vicious scratch down the back of her lekku courtesy her keeper’s claws. They left a stinging sensation even now, but at least the wounds had clotted.

The further she ventured into the market, the closer she felt she came to that other. But so focused was she on locating the point of origin that she failed to feel the malicious gazes of a few individuals nearby. Individuals who approached, reached out...

“Hey, whelp!” Someone spat directly behind her. A hand clamped around her bruised arm, spinning her to face the owner of the voice, a humanoid boy, not much older than herself, perhaps. And his friend, a Rodian who appeared just a bit older.

“What are you doing out here so early without your Master?” The Rodian slurred.

For a moment, panic seized Ahsoka’s limbs before she remembered there was no way they could know. She ripped herself free of the first boy’s grip, and he stumbled. She ducked beneath his flailing arms attempting to reclaim her, took a step back and watched the way they both swayed. Drunk, she grimaced, and no where near mid-day.

“I don’t have a Master.” Ahsoka said, feigning calm. Internally, she braved for a fight. They seemed the type to constantly aggravate, if the way the locals swept around them both in wide berths was anything to go by.

“A Togruta on Tatooine?” The Rodian asked, amused as she balled her fists, ready to defend. “I think you’re either a slave, or a runaway.”

Ahsoka flinched. The men sneered, closing in-

“Greedo. Falma.” A new voice cut in directly behind her, slicing the tension of the moment clean in half. “The third moon hasn’t even left the sky, and you two pieces of bantha fodder are already kicking up sands you won’t be able to sweep.”

“Skywalker.” The Rodian sneered, addressing the newcomer, eyes fixed on a point just above Ahsoka’s head. Visibly angered by Skywalker’s words, he spat, “Poodoo. You better run back to Watto before your tracker detonates.”

Though Ahsoka couldn’t see the man’s - Skywalker’s - face, she felt his countenance darken considerably. Something was faintly familiar about that energy, that shift in temperament. Ahsoka’s eyes widened when she recognized, turned...

Came face to face with the one, she realized in the moment their eyes met, who’d guided her from her downed ship and through the desert until day break.

For a moment, they regarded one another, assessing and sizing the other up. It was as clear to him as it was to her - a mutual recognition. Someone like me. Again, those words more in feeling than solid syllable, but understandable all the same...

Let me handle this, he seemed to breathe between the distance of their minds. Trust me.

Ahsoka blinked, opened her mouth to speak-

“Look at those scratches.” Falma barked, and Ahsoka threw her hands up, turning back as she covered her tattered lekku. “Wherever she came from, she didn’t leave without a fight.”

“And yet,” Skywalker said, stepping forward, placing himself between Ahsoka and the two drunkards, “She got away. So, I’ll say it again: don’t kick up sands you can’t sweep.”

When neither moved, his brows lowered considerably. When he spoke, it was with a too-serious calm that sent shivers up even Ahsoka’s spine.

“Get lost.”

“Hey,” the boy Falma muttered, gulping, “We’re... we’re just drunk. C’mon, Greedo. It’s too early for his wizard tricks. We don’t wanna... don’t wanna get in trouble with the Hutts.”

“It won’t be us getting into trouble.” Greedo said, eyeing Ahsoka even as Falma started to drag him away, “Mark my words, she belongs to somebody. They’ll come looking for her, Skywalker, and not even Watto’s word will save you from Hutt law when he finds out you helped and harbored.”

Skywalker watched them until they were out of sight, then spun on his heel.

“Are you a slave?” He asked.

“No.” Ahsoka responded, too quickly, too sharp.

“Don’t lie to me.” He warned, “I can tell when people are lying.”

“I’m not a slave.” Ahsoka squared her shoulders. “Not anymore, at least. I escaped last night.”

Skywalker sighed, shook his head...

“Well, you’re better off returning from wherever you came from. Every slave has a tracking device. When your Master discovers you’re gone, they’ll detonate the chip and you’ll die.”

“I don’t have a chip.” Ahsoka said, certain of at least that. “I’m not from here.”

“Then wherever you are from, you better hope the one you’re running from can’t track you.”

“They can’t.” Ahsoka insisted, but doubt filled her. “My ship was damaged. It crashed somewhere out in the desert.”

“So, you were the shooting star.” Skywalker said with realization.

“The what?”

“Last night,” He stated off-handedly, waving toward the sky, “Some of the local children saw your ship crash and thought you were a fallen star. They made a wish on you. I knew better though. I’d thought you’d died.”

“Well,” Ahsoka snarked, “Thanks. I didn’t die, though.”

”Clearly.” Skywalker said pointedly, “And don’t get snippy with me, little one. I just saved you a mornings headache from those two.”

“Okay, Skyguy.” She said sarcastically. Skywalker glowered a moment before shaking his head and walking away. Ahsoka watched him before she thought to ask, catching up to his side, “Hey, what does ‘don’t kick up sands you can’t sweep’ mean?”

Skywalker glanced at her from the peripheral, said, “It means, ‘don’t pick a fight you can’t win’.”

Ahsoka considered that. The corners of her lips tugged involuntarily up in satisfaction, and Skywalker flashed her a brief smirk of his own before his expression turned worrisome.

“You should get that treated.” He pointed to her lekku. Ahsoka, remembering the wounds, winced.

“I don’t have any medical supplies.” She said, “Is there a place I can go?”

Skywalker huffed, “Not without money.”

Ahsoka’s shoulders slumped.

“Then... no.” She couldn’t disguise her disappointment, “I don’t have anywhere to go.”

Skywalker said nothing, clearly ready to conclude with their conversation. Ahsoka wrapped her arms around herself, gazed uncertainly to the side. Skywalker slowed his pace, pinched the bridge of his nose...

“I’m going to regret this.” He muttered, staring ahead. After a beat, he looked to her, gestured forward with his head and said, “Follow me.”

Ahsoka raised a single brow marking.

Skywalker sighed, “Watto has some medical supplies at the shop. Probably expired, but... better than nothing. And on top of that, I’m not about to leave you alone out here.”

“Hey,” Ahsoka rebuffed, indignant, “I resent that. I could’ve taken care of myself.”

She pointed to herself, corrected, “Can take care of myself.”

“I know.” Skywalker chuckled, “It isn’t you I’m worried about. It’s whatever fool tries to cross you.”

He picked up his previous pace, not looking back to see if Ahsoka followed. But he didn’t have to. She did, silently grateful. But he felt that. Together, they started for the edge of the town, avoiding the mayhem of the inner-most streets to reach their destination. As they walked, Ahsoka thought to ask,

“Hey, what’s your name? It isn’t really Skywalker, is it?”

Skywalker considered her a moment, seemed to be reading her in the way she often read others, determined if she was trustworthy. Whatever he’d been looking for, he’d seemed to have found it. Quietly he relented, “I’m Anakin. Anakin Skywalker.”

“Well, Anakin Skywalker,” Ahsoka offered him a hand. He crossed his arm over his chest, grasped her fingers and shook. She continued, “Its good to meet you. I’m Ahsoka Tano.”

“Good to meet you, Ahsoka Tano.” Anakin said, amused at her exuberance, trying and failing to disguise a growing smile.



“You led me here.” Ahsoka said, matter-of-fact. She sat on the counter of Watto’s yet to open shop, looking around at all the repurposed parts that sat and hung around the store while Anakin rooted around through a back room, looking for bacta patches.

“Well, obviously.” Anakin remarked, voice carrying. Ahsoka rolled her eyes.

“Not here, here. Because you did lead me here. But I meant through the desert.“

“I... don’t know about that. If I did, it wasn’t intentional.” Anakin said, strangely defensive. He seemed pensive about something when he strode back into the main room, three bandages and a disinfectant cloth in hand. He motioned at Ahsoka to turn around so he could work on her wounds. She obliged and, tilting her head to give him a better angle, spoke,

“Well, it was you. It felt like you. Feels like you, now. After I woke up, I felt... something. I feel it sometimes. I don’t have a name for it, but I know you have it, too.”

“It’s called the Force. That thing that you’re feeling.” Anakin quipped. He applied the disinfectant first. Ahsoka hissed at the pain, and he muttered a quiet apology as he applied the patches.

“The Force?” Ahsoka asked, turning back to face him once all the patches were applied, sighing at the sensation of mending tears, “How do you know?”

“I met a Jedi once when I was a kid.” Anakin said, throwing out the wrappings into a waste retainer. He made his way through the shop. Ahsoka hopped off the counter, following him. “He said the thing we... share... is called the Force.”

“Oh.” Ahsoka said, then, “What’s a Jedi?”

“Have you been living under an asteroid?” Anakin joked. Ahsoka scowled. Anakin cleared his throat in lieu of apology and continued, “A Jedi. You know? They carry lightsabers. They can... can feel things, the way you said you’d felt me nearby.”

“Okay, I understand that part, but...” Ahsoka shook her head, confused, “What’s a lightsaber?”

“C’mon,” Anakin beckoned. For the first time since meeting him, Ahsoka thought she saw something akin to excitement in his eyes. “I have a holovid somewhere in my room. I’ll show you.”

He gestured for her to follow him. They walked out of the main shop and into a back room, then even further through a storage facility unit and stopped in a room barely big enough to fit them both, a single bunk lining the wall opposite the threshold with repurposed crates lined with drawers stacked off to the side. A round, shuttered window sat in the ceiling, barely shedding morning light onto the floor. A poster for some event hung above the bunk, auberesh so faded Ahsoka couldn’t even make out what it said. Despite its cramped confinement, however, the room was sturdy and tidy. An organized chaos.

“You live here?” Ahsoka asked, a little incredulous. Not even her bedroom had been so... compact.

“I didn’t use to.” Anakin supplied, but didn’t elaborate. Ahsoka made herself comfy on the bed while Anakin, shooting her a glare, rooted around for the disc. She shrugged at him; he scowled but said nothing, began sorting through the drawers again, looking for the right one, making an a-ha noise when he found it.

“Where did you live before?” Ahsoka asked, watching him set up the holo on the floor.

“With the other slaves.” Anakin said absently, but Ahsoka felt something stirred within him at his own words, a memory he dared not disturb. Was he unaware of the feelings he translated through though? Maybe, Ahsoka decided, if he had been unaware of the fact that he lead me to him.

Like a homing beacon, he’d given her direction.

Ahsoka slid off the bed and down beside her new friend, crossing her legs as he fired up the hologram. It depicted a woman much older than either of them, her accented basic filtering through the speaker,

“This is form V. The way of the Krayt Dragon. The form of perseverance. Due to the level of aggression it extends-“

“Who is that?” Ahsoka asked.

“Shh.” Anakin sounded. At Ahsoka’s pout, he added quietly so as to not drown out the Jedi, “Master Syav.”

“Do you know her?” Ahsoka asked.

“No.” Anakin whispered, “The data on this holo indicates the recording was made several centuries ago.”

“Explains why it’s so junked.” Ahsoka commented, noting the flickering image and skipping display. “Where did you find this, then?”

“... The junk yard.” Anakin relented, never taking his eyes off the Jedi hologram, “You’d be amazed at what people will throw out. I once built an entire protocol droid from scrapped parts.”

“No way.” Ahsoka’s eyes widened, looking around, “Where?”

“They’re not here anymore.” Anakin said, shaking his head. Briefly, his gaze registered forlorn. But then he pointed at the display, nudging her arm.

“Just watch!”

“Okay! Okay...”

In the holo, Master Syav finished speaking, took a cylindrical object out of the folds of her long robes she dressed in and pressed a button on its hilt. A blade of pure light sprung to life, hissing as it did. Ahsoka’s eye markings rose considerably, and she leaned in to get a better look.

“In this lesson, I’ll teach you the basic steps of both Shien and Djem So. First, Shien...”

Her lightsaber deflected bolts from some unknown source. Eight moves, all precise. She repeated them once and then once again, then moved on to Djem, where an opponent stepped into the holo with a sword of their own.

“Is that the lightsaber?” Ahsoka asked, pointing to the swords as they clashed.

“Yeah.” Anakin nodded, smirking. He rested his head on bent knee. “Pretty wizard, right?”

They moved through attack and defense stances, blocking and parrying and twisting around one another like it was a dance. Every time the lightsabers struck and slid off the other, the shriek they sounded sent satisfying chills down Ahsoka’s spine.

“Wow.” Ahsoka intoned when the holo recycled back to the beginning. She sat back on her heels, mesmerized, “So that’s a Jedi... I can’t believe you met one, once!”

“Neither can I.” Anakin said wistfully, standing back up. He removed the recording from the holo and placed it back in its drawer, then shoved the holo beneath his bed. Ahsoka stood as well, walking out of the room and back into the main shop.

“What were they like?” She wanted to know, “Did they have a lightsaber, too?”

“All Jedi have lightsabers.” Anakin informed, “Qui-Gon’s was green. I saw him wield it once against a Zabrak with a double edged red saber.”

“That must’ve been so cool.” Ahsoka murmured, trying to imagine it.

“Actually,” Anakin responded, vision going somewhere Ahsoka’s could not, “It was terrifying.”

Ahsoka regarded him. What did he hide beneath that suddenly haunted gaze? She decided then and there, working her way through Watto’s shop, that she would discover the cause.

“Listen, Ahsoka.” Anakin said when they reached the foyer, “It was nice meeting you, but Watto will be opening up shop pretty soon, and if he finds you here he’ll kick you out. Or worse, he’ll turn you over to the Hutts. If you are running from someone, I suggest you find a way off planet before nightfall. Smugglers are always hiring. You’ll find them in the shipping yard. They don’t tend to ask too many questions if you present them with some sort of skill.”

“Oh,” Ahsoka said, disappointed, speaking over her shoulder even as Anakin ushered her outside, “Yeah. You’re right... I should get going. Thank you for telling me what it’s called. The Force. I never had a name for it, before. Oh, and thank you for getting those two to leave me alone earlier. And for showing me that holo of the Jedi. And for giving me the bacta patches. And for-“

“Okay, little one.” Anakin chuckled, cutting her off, “You’re welcome. For everything. Now, go. Shoo. I’ve got to get back to work.”

“Okay.” Ahsoka stepped out beneath the shade of the storefront awning, turned and gave a full bow. She used to detest the action, having only ever showed the respectful gesture to the one she despised, but performing it for Anakin felt only right. Due respect, rather than forced gratitude.

Then, not waiting for his response, she turned on her heal and scampered off, missing his incredulous but touched expression follow her all the way down and through the street until she was out of sight.

But even then, turning to head back inside, he felt her through the Force. The way he’d felt so many before. Qui-Gon, the Zabrack, the sinister voice that sometimes whispered to him when he called upon the Force...

He shivered, tried not to think about that. Breathing deeply, he extended a silent prayer to the oldest desert deities.


Help Ahsoka get off-world. Help Ahsoka get away from whoever she’s run from.



Latrans grit her teeth, cursed, spat. The console screen read tracking failed, locator destroyed in the basic aubresh. She banged her fist against the display, shattering the glass. The words fizzled and faded. She breathed sporadically, trying to calm herself down. Ahsoka had run and possibly died and... No. She was too resourceful, too expert at flying. She would have wanted her to believe that, would have sabotaged the Saboteur to down itself in such an expert way it would look, from anyone else’s eyes, like an accident. But not Latrans’s. She’d raised the girl, after all, had watched her thoughts take shape and evolve and plan and decipher. She’d been the hands that molded Ahsoka’s ability to tap into the Force. Without her guidance, Ahsoka’s potential would’ve been left to rot serving beneath that group of religious idealists who’d destroyed her people’s empire so long ago. Without their restrictions, without definite ideals, Ahsoka possessed abilities that transcended other Force users. All she’d ever needed was a push, and she brought an edge to Latrans’s craft that other bounty hunters didn’t get: insight, advantage, power to manipulate and move and control.

And she’d invested too much time and effort in the Togruta whelp to let that go to waste.

Already idling in the ships last known location before jumping to hyperspace, Latrans swallowed her pride and contacted the only other bounty hunter she knew besides herself worth spending a credit on.

The Duro, Cad Bane.



Anakin prepared to return to the shipping yard when Watto flew in.

“Oh, good, you’re here. Saves me a trip. I’m having you run the shop today, Ani.” He said, barely paying the boy any mind as he grabbed a few items from beneath the counter, “I’m headed to the Dune Sea. There’s a downed ship out there. Might have some useful parts, if the Jawas haven’t gotten to it yet.”

“I could go with you, Master.” Anakin said, thinking of Ahsoka, knowing if she’d left anything behind that could be traced that he could help her by destroying it. Or, the very least, removing any history of owner insignia code or flight log. Watto only waved a flippant hand, though.

“It’s too hot, today. Stay inside and serve the customers.”

“But I could-“

”Don’t argue with me.” Watto pointed, “And stop setting off the drunks before the suns even rise. I had to listen to that wanna-be bounty hunter Greedo on my way here about you costing him a fortune, or whatever nonsense.”

”He was harassing someone.” Anakin defended.

”You know he targets you, specifically.” Watto reprimanded, “Ever since you used those voodoo powers on him. If you do it again, there’s nothing I can do to stop him from killing you.”

Anakin scoffed, “He couldn’t kill me.”

”No,” Watto agreed, making his way out the door, “He’d have Jabba do it.”



Ahsoka had meant to find the smugglers, truly - she’d even prepared a speech meant to invoke their sympathies. But it occurred to her, stumbling through the city, that she hadn’t any idea where the shipping yards even were. Anakin hadn’t told her. And it was getting... extremely hot. She was tired, and hungry, and thirsty. And that alcove supplying shade over there by that defunct watering hole had looked really inviting, and maybe if she could just take a moment to catch her breath and clear her head and catalogue her surroundings she could-

And then she was asleep.



Ahsoka panted, bent on hands and knees, spittle slipping from the side of her mouth and mixing with the dirt below. Above her, a shadow swallowed her slight frame, it’s clawed hand growing larger...

“Get up.” Latrans ordered, gripping her by her arm and hauling her to unsteady feet. Ahsoka attempted to stand, but when her Master’s support fell away, her exhausted limbs shook, gave out-

“Stop this acting.” Latrans barked, angry now. Ahsoka hadn’t time to scramble back up before her Master’s fist connected with her head. She yelped, montrals rattling. Her hands flew reflexively up, attempting to shield...

“I’m sorry.” Ahsoka gasped, vision a mess. This always happens, she tried to reason with herself, it’ll go back to normal, soon. Just take deep breaths. But the unnamed source of violence that always seemed to follow Latrans during training sessions popped off like a blaster bullet. She gripped her by her right lekku, used it to drag her through the dirt soaked with her spit up.

“You possess the ability.” Latrans got in low near her face, voice an odd soft, a quality that directly juxtaposed the pain she placed upon Ahsoka. “Why is it so difficult one moment from the next?”

Ahsoka struggled to catch her breath, clear her spotted sight. Before her, Latrans face faded in and out of focus.

“I’m trying, Master.” She coughed weakly, “Please.”

Latrans took a deep breath, releasing her. Ahsoka hit the ground with her elbows. Wasting no time, she shoved herself back onto her knees and sunk her hands into the dirt. Closing her eyes, she concentrated once more...

Beneath her hands, the ground started to rumble.

“I want a crater this time.” Latrans said, eyeing the fissures Ahsoka had already carved out, “I wouldn’t want to punish you, should you be unable to complete the test.”

Ahsoka ground her teeth, fingers curling...

The world seemed to bend, and with a strangled scream, the ground beneath her sunk.

Ahsoka heaved, limbs on fire. Her thoughts dwelled in dark spaces, as they always did when she forced her powers into contortions too extreme, but she channeled it. She dug her fingernails into the dirt, grit her teeth, and turned her head. She looked to Latrans...

... whose glinting eyes offset her satisfied smile.

Ahsoka startled awake with a gasp. She shot up, the dream - no, the memory - chasing her out of sleep. She grimaced as she sat, realizing the crick in her neck and her parched tongue. Time had visibly passed, the twin suns way past the mid-day mark and shining directly into her eyes. The shade she’d been supplied when she’d arrived had shifted beneath the awning as the suns had swept the sky. Ahsoka realized then how hot her flesh was. Not burnt, but definitely scorched.

Ahsoka briefly panicked, wondering what she would do. The smugglers were no doubt long gone by now. She hadn’t a way off the planet. But more pressing than that, she was hungry. She hadn’t eaten well before she’d fled Latrans, and though she’d gone without food for much longer before, her bruised body needed sustenance more than ever.

Before she could even fully decide on a course of action, her feet moved of their own accord, half dragging through the dusty sidewalks. Curious passerby watched her from beneath hoods and visors, a few even stopping to watch her. What was wrong with them? Ahsoka wondered, Hadn’t they ever seen a Togruta before? The answer, she surmised, having rarely seen many of her people herself, was most likely a resounding no.

She belatedly hoped that her presence on Tatooine didn’t cause too much of a scandal, if it hadn’t already.

“Hey, Skyguy,” She mumbled, stepping into the shop once she’d rediscovered its front door, “I don’t feel so great.”

“Ahsoka?” Came his voice, and her head swiveled around on her neck to find him marching towards her, face a little covered in grease, a lot more filled in with lines of concern, “What are you doing here? I’d thought you’d left by now.”

“I fell asleep.” She said pitifully, “I’m really thirsty. And hungry. And hot.”

Anakin reached out with one hand, too fast, and Ahsoka flinched. He blinked, searching her face, tried again - this time deliberately slow and hesitant. When she didn’t startle, he rested one hand down upon her shoulder. With the other, he pressed the back of his fingers to her forehead, felt them there a moment before he tsked. Ahsoka’s eyes fluttered. Unable to hold herself up any longer, she fell into his touch.

“You’ve gone delirious.” He sighed, but didn’t push her away. “Did you fall asleep directly beneath the suns?”

“No.” Ahsoka whined, voice muffled in the folds of his clothes, “They snuck up on me.”

“Okay,” He huffed, finally prying her off, turning her on her heel and steering her somewhere she didn’t care to open her eyes to see. “C’mon, we need to get you cooled down.”

Ahsoka only nodded, and the moments between one and the next melded together. Her feet walked until they didn’t, her body stood upright until it didn’t. She lied down, slipping in and out of semi-awareness as Anakin moved around her. His presence was steady and sturdy - but it was slipping away from her, the further she fell away from consciousness. The last thing she was fully aware of before nodding off was the sensation of liquid dribbling down her throat, a hand holding up her head. Then, there was darkness, and the moments stopped melding. Ahsoka sat up in a rush when she realized it, damp rags falling from her arms and legs, her face as well.

“... You’re awake.”

Ahsoka followed that voice, Anakin’s voice, found Anakin reclining beside her on an uncomfortable looking stool, yawning and stretching as if he, too, had just awoken. It was then that Ahsoka realized where she was, sitting up in Anakin’s bed, in Anakin’s room, watching him wake as she had just done so suddenly.

“How long have I been here?” She asked, a little miffed. She removed the rags, an eye marking shooting up at him. “What... are these?”

“It was to help cool you down. And I’m not sure, I fell asleep a little bit after you. But, judging by the sky, a while.” Anakin shrugged, answering her questions out of order, stretching his neck out. He turned to her, reached out. Ahsoka flinched back, pure reflex. Anakin stilled, assessing her.

“I just wanna check your temperature, Snips.” He said placatingly, eyebrows climbing his forehead, “Make sure the fevers gone down.”

“Oh.” Ahsoka frowned, then jutted her head forward. “Okay. And... did you forget my name was Ahsoka?”

“No.” Anakin chuckled, fingers pressing down over her forehead. They were a cold balm compared to the heat radiating off her skin. Despite the callouses on Anakin’s hand, his touch was a gentle that she’d never experienced before. “It’s a nickname.

“You know,” He said pointedly, smiling, “Like the one you gave me?”

Ahsoka rolled her eyes, but his smile was infectious. 

“Your fevers gone down,” Anakin informed, hand falling away, “But take this anyway.”

He reached down, grabbed a capsule sitting between them on a makeshift stand. Ahsoka eyed it skeptically, her suspicion clear.

“It’s to help you feel better.” Anakin explained, exasperated.

“Oh, okay.” Ahsoka said, grabbing it between two fingers. She was reluctant to take it, tricked too many times in the past by... another. But Anakin appeared trustworthy, hadn’t done her any harm. And in his words she felt the conviction of his every consonant and vowel. He hadn’t given her reason not to trust him yet, and in that feeling... the Force... she sensed he hadn’t lied. So, she popped the capsule’s contents into her mouth. It tasted like most medicine, bland and bitter. Blech.

“Well,” She said, embarrassed at having clearly been a bad guest, “Thanks for taking me in again. I should get going-”

“Hey, whoa!” Anakin stopped her from getting up, gently pushing her back down when she tried to stand, “It’s nighttime now. Tatooine’s too dangerous to be prowling around at night. Even for you.”

He tapped her nose with his knuckle, making her eyes cross, then laughed when she batted his hand away. She looked up through the windows slats. It was, indeed, dark out, the stars peppering the sky.

“I can’t stay here!” Ahsoka protested anyway, “This is your bed! Besides, won’t your Master be mad if he finds me?”

“Watto’s not here right now.” Anakin said, “Last I saw him, he was going to retrieve whatever remained of the wreckage of your ship. I hope you didn’t leave anything incriminating behind.”

“I... I don’t think I did. But, how long does that give me?”

“He left hours ago and has yet to return. It’s nighttime though, and Watto’s not one to stay out past suns-fall. Most likely, he’s returned but is gambling somewhere. So, you have at least until morning. You can stay here, I guess... at least until you figure out a plan.”

“I don’t... know where to go.” Ahsoka confessed, indecision clouding her thought track. Her only goal had been to get away from Latrans. The decision to run had been one conceived in moments, opportunities and scenarios purely imagined. Actually getting the chance... had been purely coincidental. “Maybe I’ll become one of those Jedi?”

“I thought I would, too.” Anakin muttered, more to himself than to her. His eyes fixed on nothing, lost in a memory. “But he never came back.”

“What?” Ahsoka asked, curiosity piqued. Anakin, realizing what he’d confessed, turned his gradually widening eyes to the girl. She looked up at him, imploring.

“Forget that.” He bit, moving past her.

“No way!” Ahsoka exclaimed, sitting up. She hopped off the bed, following him. “You were going to be a Jedi?”

“Yes, I was going to be a Jedi.” Anakin sounded affronted, “Is that so hard to believe?”

“If you were going to be a Jedi, why didn’t you?”

Anakin stopped, faced her again - the little Togruta girl who didn’t seem to be going anywhere anytime soon, and responded,

“Because when he came... when Qui-Gon showed up... he needed parts to fix his ship. It was imperative he leave the system as soon as possible, but he didn’t have enough money. I agreed to help him get the parts for his ship from Watto, so he made a bet with Watto who agreed to allow me to enter the Boonta Eve Classic. It was part of the deal. If I won the pod-race, I’d secure the parts Qui-Gon needed.

“Unbeknownst to me at the time, Qui-Gon had also bet on my freedom. He was going to take me to Coruscant to become a Jedi. I won the race, but... by the time the ship was repaired, it was too late. The Zabrack I’d mentioned showed up and attacked. To protect me, Qui-Gon left me behind. He’d said he’d come back for me, but...”

Anakin’s voice died. His expression fell.

“It’s been a decade since that time.”

Ahsoka considered Anakin’s crestfallen face, only had to deliberate on what to do between one heartbeat and the next. Reaching up, she grabbed a hold of Anakin’s shoulder, dragged him down to her level and touched her montrals to the crown of his head. He sputtered, tensed, but didn’t pull away.

“Snips...” He cleared his throat, “What are you doing?”

“Comforting you.” Ahsoka replied, as if it was the most obvious thing in the universe, “This is how my people did it. It’s... one of the only things I remember about them.”

“Oh.” Anakin murmured, fidgeting only slightly, “Okay... thank you.”

“You’re welcome.” Ahsoka smiled, eventually pulling away. Anakin righted himself, scratched his neck in embarrassment. Ahsoka continued, “But I was a little lost during your story. What’s a Boonta Eve Classic? What’s a pod-race?”

The tense line of his shoulders dropped. Mirth filled his eyes. Anakin grinned, and Ahsoka had the sneaking suspicion that she would soon regret having asked those exact questions.

Notes:

this was inspired by many things, one of them being the end of the slaves of zygerria comic where anakin and ahsoka vow to free all the galaxy’s slaves once the war is over. another inspiration was Dave Filoni stating that one story he never got to explore was ahsoka being discovered by plo koon but was almost kidnapped by the bounty hunter latrans, a zygerrian with a deceiving appearance. also, I often wondered what would’ve happened if anakin never became a jedi. this AU is a lot of “what if...?” scenarios mixed together. I also wanted to explore one of my favorite relationships in Star Wars more, that of anakin and ahsoka’s sibling like bond. they’re what drew me into the Star Wars universe. hope you enjoyed the first chapter! there’s more on the way.

disclaimer: I don’t own Star Wars or any of its character, nor do I make profit from writing about them. This was written purely for fun, purely for free.

