Sabbatical - DontCallMeShirley - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/22801789?view_full_work=true&view_adult=true 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-02-20
Updated:  2020-05-11
Words:  10620
Chapters:  6/?
Comments:  84
Kudos:  229
Bookmarks:  46
Hits:  3022
Rating:  General Audiences
Archive Warning:  No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:  Gen
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy
Relationships:  Obi-Wan Kenobi & Anakin SkywalkerDooku & Obi-Wan KenobiDooku & Anakin Skywalker
Characters:  Obi-Wan KenobiAnakin SkywalkerDooku | Darth TyranusSheev Palpatine | Darth SidiousShmi SkywalkerCliegg LarsOwen LarsC-3PO (Star Wars)
Additional Tags:  Obi-Wan & Anakin comicAlternate Universe - Canon Divergencesaving slavesreturn from dark sideFluff and Crackmessing with Sheev PalpatineFix-It
Language:  English

Summary:
Anakin decides to leave the Jedi as a child, and Obi-Wan goes with him. When Palpatine sends Dooku to find them, things don't go as planned.


Chapter 1

Chapter Text


Obi-Wan turned to face Anakin, their mission on Carnelion IV now complete. Obi-Wan had told the Republic there might be tibanna gas there so they would occupy the planet while they ran tests, and hopefully give its citizens a chance to step back from their unending war and find common ground. 


Anakin had 

seemed

 pleased by this outcome, happy that having pull with the Republic allowed Jedi to help in such a hopeless situation.  And yet...


“The road lies before you Anakin Skywalker. Will you walk it alone?”


Anakin looked left.  Anakin looked right. Finally, he spoke.  “Yes.”


Yes? As in yes, he wanted to stay with the Jedi? Or yes, as in he wanted to leave?


Obi-Wan’s confusion must have shown on his face, because Anakin continued. “I--I need to find my own path.”


Obi-Wan took a deep breath. He took another. He would not hyperventilate.  He would 

not 

hyperventilate. He opened his mouth to respond, but nothing came out.  He took another deep breath, and tried again.


“Okay.  Then where shall we go?”


Anakin’s eyes widened.  “We?”


His surprise gave Obi-Wan his first genuine smile in days. Although Anakin loved to brag about his fighting prowess, he was still insecure in many ways. How could he think Obi-Wan would abandon him?  “Yes, we. I vowed to train you; plus, you are only 12, which is far too young to wander the galaxy alone. Where would you like to go?”


Anakin stared at him in astonishment for a moment.  He blinked. He had clearly never expected this. Then he looked down at his hands.  “But you love the Jedi, Master!” he mumbled.


“Perhaps, but you take precedence,” Obi-Wan said.


He digested that in silence for a moment, his cheeks turning pink with pleasure.  


“Well, Chancellor Palpatine said I could have a job with him,” Anakin said pensively, as Obi-Wan’s hackles started to rise.  “But I don’t think I want to do that. Though it is flattering.”  


Hmmph.


“And I’ve kind of thought about going back to Naboo,” Anakin continued.  Obi-Wan knew all about his crush on Padme. While that would definitely be better than Anakin working for Palpatine (seriously?), he wasn’t sure that was a good idea for either of them to live on the planet where Qui-Gon had been killed. And then of course there would be the embarrassment of having to watch Anakin moon over the queen every day.    


“But that doesn’t seem like the right choice either,” Anakin continued, as Obi-Wan hid his relief.  


He was silent for a few minutes, staring down at his boots while he thought. Finally, he looked up.  “Tatooine. I want to go to Tatooine.”


*****


As they descended the gangplank into the Mos Espa spaceport, Obi-Wan Kenobi shaded his eyes. He’d forgotten how bright it was with the two suns.  Anakin paid no attention to the suns, or to the sand that had drifted everywhere. He was so excited to see his mother that he hadn’t stopped talking since they’d left the Temple behind and boarded the transport on Coruscant.


As they wended their way out of the spaceport and toward Watto’s junk shop, Anakin’s chatter started to slow. Obi-Wan watched him carefully.  “What’s wrong, Anakin?” he finally asked.


They stopped outside of the shop. “I don’t feel my mom’s presence here,” he admitted, tugging on his robes in a fit of nerves.


Obi-Wan laid a warm hand on his padawan’s shoulder.  “Remain in the present, Anakin. Let’s go in and see what we can find out,” he suggested.


Watto heard them come in and immediately flew over to greet them, prepared to swindle these newcomers.  Then he stopped short. “Little Ani? Is that you?”


Anakin frowned.  “Yes,” he said shortly.  “Where is my mother?”


Watto looked from him to Obi-Wan and back again.  He looked a little uncomfortable. “Well, I sold her.”


“Sold her?” Anakin squawked. 


Obi-Wan put his arm around the boy and drew him close against his side.  “Who did you sell her to?” he asked, his face pleasant but his tone sharp.  


“A moisture farmer named Cliegg Lars.  It was nothing personal, you know,” he said, and Obi-Wan tightened his grip on Anakin to make sure he didn’t launch himself at the Toydarian and pummel him.  Not that the guy didn’t deserve it, but still.


“Well get us the address then please,” Obi-Wan said coldly.  “Does he live nearby?”


“No, they’re out by Tosche Station.”  Obi-Wan closed his eyes and thought about the map of Tatooine he’d studied on the way there.  Then he thought about his limited credits.


They were going to need a speeder, he decided, handing the flimsi with Shmi’s new address to Anakin and looking around the junk shop.   


Anakin stood to the side, blinking tears from his eyes, as Obi-Wan and Watto haggled over an old model that was going to need some serious repairs. Watto appeared to feel somewhat guilty, because he finally gave in and let them have it for cheap.  Then Obi-Wan drew Anakin out the door and pushed him into the speeder. He still hadn’t said anything, and Obi-Wan expected the outburst to come in three, two, one...


“That sleemo sold my mother!  HE SOLD MY MOTHER!” Anakin wailed.  


Obi-Wan held him while he cried.  Slavery had always horrified him, but it was so much worse when it was this personal. Once Anakin’s sobs had calmed a bit, he said, “I’m so sorry Anakin. Let’s go out and see this farmer. Perhaps he can be reasoned with.”  


*****


They pulled up to a small homestead, and were surprised by the number of vehicles and people there, considering the remote location.  Then, Anakin spotted an old friend.


“C3PO!”  


The copper-colored droid wheeled around and sputtered with delight.  “Oh my! It’s Master Ani! The Maker has returned! And on such an auspicious day!”


“What auspicious day?” Obi-Wan asked while Anakin danced happily around C3PO.  


“Why, the day that Mistress Shmi and Master Cliegg get married, of course,” twittered the droid.


Obi-Wan closed his eyes and ran his hand over his face.  Anakin froze and gaped mindlessly at C3PO, his cheeks drained of color. The hits just kept coming, he thought, drawing Anakin’s arm through his own and baring his teeth at the tactless droid.


“If you would be so kind as to take us to them,” he suggested, and C3PO burbled apologies as he led them down the hall to a room with a closed door.  


He knocked. “Mistress Shmi! Mistress Shmi!” he called out, “There’s someone to see you!”


Obi-Wan resisted the urge to smack his forehead.  Someone?! She opened the door a crack, saw Anakin, and gasped loudly. Then she threw it open. “Anakin!” she cried, arms wide. 


“Mom!” gasped Anakin, launching himself at her. The impetuousness of his rush would have knocked them both down if Obi-Wan hadn’t used the Force to steady them.  


They held each other tightly, laughing and crying incoherently.  Obi-Wan pulled C3PO away to give them time to talk, and in the process met a man in the hallway who looked at him questioningly.  


“What is all this noise?” he asked. “What’s going on, 3PO?”


“This is Master Cliegg!” C3PO said helpfully.  Then he turned to Obi-Wan. “I’m afraid I don’t know who you are.”


“My name is Obi-Wan Kenobi,” he said, extending his hand in greeting.  “I’m Anakin Skywalker’s Jedi master. He has asked for a leave of absence from the Order, so we came here to find his mother.”  He mopped his brow with his sleeve. “It’s been quite an adventure.”


Cliegg grabbed his hand and shook it heartily.  “Welcome! Welcome! I can’t believe you brought Anakin, this is the perfect present!”


“I have to admit, I’m a bit confused.  We were told that Shmi had, er, been sold. To you,” Obi-Wan said.


Cliegg put his finger in the neck of his shirt and tugged.


“Yes. Well. I had met her at Watto’s when I’d gone to buy some parts, and was sweet on her.  He wouldn’t have let her get married, so I saved up my money until I could buy her freedom,” he explained.


“Aha,” Obi-Wan said, greatly relieved.  “That’s wonderful.”


Anakin came rushing over to him then, Shmi in tow.


“Mom! This is Obi-Wan! He is my Jedi master! Obi-Wan! This is my mom!”


They shook hands, and Obi-Wan, noting the confusion on her face, explained. “Qui-Gon Jinn was my master, but he was killed in a battle so I took Anakin as my learner. He has been questioning his place in the Order, so we’ve taken a sabbatical.”  He smiled down at Anakin, who was vibrating with excitement. “It seems we couldn’t have picked a better time.”


*****


Sheev Palpatine was sitting in his office, gloating and ruminating on his many plans for destroying the Jedi and taking control of the galaxy.  So many beautiful plans, so much lovely destruction on the way!


And one of his very favorite pastimes as chancellor was taunting the Jedi. It was time to call them up again and force them to fork over their precious Chosen One for some more dark side bonding.  heh heh heh.


He flipped on the com channel and reached Mace Windu immediately.  What a sucker, he thought, but he smiled gravely. “Master Windu, how are you?”


“I’m fine Chancellor, and yourself?”


“Good, good,” he said. “I was just wondering if Padawan Skywalker was available to come over soon for another visit.” He simpered for a moment, and though it was laying it on thick, he added, “I do owe him such a debt of gratitude for saving my planet.”


“I’m afraid that’s not possible, Chancellor,” Windu responded.  


Palpatine’s eyebrows went up. “Oh? Why is that?” 


“I’m afraid he’s taken a leave of absence,” Windu replied.  The world swirled before Palpatine’s eyes, filled with delicious black rainbows and dying suns. How had he not foreseen this?  He’d just suggested it to get Skywalker to lose faith in the Jedi, he didn’t think he’d really DO it! Jackpot!  


“Really!” he exclaimed, hiding his excitement with long practice. “And you just let him go? But I’m sure you know best,” he said in his most unctuous tone.


He could have sworn Windu’s eye twitched, but he remained calm. “The Jedi are not jailers, Chancellor,” he said reprovingly.  “It was his choice.”


“But when I think of the poor lad out by himself in the cold, cruel galaxy--well! I’d like to help him if I might,” Palpatine said, tamping down his glee.  


“He’s not alone, Chancellor,” Windu informed him. “Obi-Wan Kenobi has gone with him.”


Palpatine froze, his black rainbows crumbling to dust before him.  Kenobi?  


“I...see. Well, thank you for telling me, Master Windu. I hope you’ll let me know when they return,” he said.  Then he quickly added, “I don’t suppose you know where they’ve gone?”


“No Chancellor, they didn’t say.”


When they’d completed the call, he drummed his fingers on his desk, lost in thought.  Anakin was out of the Order! That was good. But he was with Kenobi. That was bad. Rrrr, he hated that guy! Almost as much as Anakin loved him.  He suspected Windu did know where they’d gone, but it might have looked suspicious if he’d pressed too hard. What to do, what to do….


And then he had an idea.  It was time to summon his new apprentice.  Count Dooku would be just the guy to hunt them down. 


Chapter 2

Summary:

In which Anakin has a brush with empathy, finds a new purpose, and meets Dooku.

Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text


Anakin stood tall and proud at his mother’s side as they walked down the aisle together.



Dum dum da-dum, dum dum da-dum...



Standing at the makeshift altar was Cliegg and his son, Owen.  A brother. A dad. Anakin swirled that thought around in his mind for a moment.  


The preacher began.  “Marriage. Marriage is what brings us together today. Marriage, that blessed arrangement. And love, true love...” 


Anakin’s attention wandered away, as he thought about how nice it was to be with his mom again.  His mom, and his new family. He had a dad now! And a brother! And he had an Obi-Wan Kenobi, his Jedi master, who was wise and powerful...


And suddenly everyone was standing and clapping, and his mom was kissing Cliegg—hey! kissing?--and then they were walking down the aisle together.  Anakin just stood and gaped at them (that guy! was touching his mom!) till Owen walked up to him and nudged him. “Come on. It’s time to eat.”


Anakin was standing in the buffet line, staring at the food, unseeing, when Obi-Wan gently drew him away to a quiet corner.


“Anakin? Are you all right?”  


He was 

not

 all right. “That guy! Kissed my mom!” 


Obi-Wan pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Well, they’re married now. That’s what married people do.”


Anakin frowned. “But that’s my mom!”


“I can see how much you love your mom.”


Anakin nodded emphatically.


“She looks happy, doesn’t she?”


Anakin stared at her.  She was smiling. She was talking. She caught his eye, and waved to him.  She looked very happy. “Yes,” he agreed. Then he scowled. That was 

his 

mother.


“Things have changed a lot since you left,” Obi-Wan said.  “Give yourself some time to get used to it. But do try to think about it from her point of view. She let you go with Qui-Gon so you’d have a shot at a better life.  Don’t you want the same for her?”


Anakin blinked at him.  Same for her? The Jedi taught compassion and love for all. They also taught selflessness.  He had to think of other people’s happiness. And if anyone deserved to be happy it was his mom. Even if he didn’t like it that a strange man was kissing her. 


And just then his mom was at his side.  “Come dance with me, Ani!” she said, taking his hand.  She looked so happy, and he knew that some of it was because he was there. She still loved him. He smiled, and let her lead him to the center of the floor for the Dewback Dance. 


*****


The wedding festivities ran late into the night, and the guests stayed over so they wouldn’t be preyed upon by the Sand People. But the next day everyone left, and Anakin and Obi-Wan helped clean the homestead up. Shmi kept grabbing him and hugging him, like she couldn’t believe he was really there. He squinched up his nose and pretended like he didn’t like it, but really he did.


They settled into a quiet pattern over the next few days.  Obi-Wan and Anakin got up early every morning to do katas while it was still cool out.  By the second day they had an audience, and by the third day they had participants.  


“Do you mind if we join you?” Shmi asked, but of course they didn’t.  So Obi-Wan turned the katas into self-defense lessons. Tatooine was a dangerous planet after all.  


After that was the farm work. Obi-Wan helped Cliegg with the vaporators while Anakin worked on repairing the X-34 landspeeder, and showed Owen how to fix a droid’s motivator.  


And in the evenings, after dinner was eaten and the dishes done, Obi-Wan led Anakin in additional kata work, followed by meditation.  Sometimes they had company for that, too.


A week after their arrival, Anakin felt restless and unable to concentrate on the landspeeder.  Cliegg and Owen were on the south ridge working on the condensers that day, while Obi Wan was on the north range. Anakin finally gave it up as a bad job and went to find Obi-Wan.  


Obi-Wan noticed him approaching and stood up.  “Hullo Anakin, what are you doing out here?”


“Hi Master,” he said, and dragged his toe around in the sand for a minute, gathering his thoughts.  He had forgotten how much he disliked sand--some was already grinding around in his boots--but he hadn’t come out here to complain about sand.  “Master, it’s nice to be here with my mom and Cliegg and Owen, but it feels...I’m not sure…” Anakin trailed off. He wasn’t quite sure what he was trying to say.


“It feels like there’s more you could be doing?” Obi-Wan asked.


“Yes!” Anakin was relieved.  Obi-Wan understood. “I’m free, my mom is free, but my friend Kitster isn’t free.  And there are others.”


“I know, Anakin.  I’ve been thinking about that too.  We can’t buy everyone’s freedom, we simply don’t have the money; and anyway that wouldn’t prevent others from bringing new slaves to the planet.  The best way to get rid of slavery is for society to deem it unacceptable. I’m not sure how to go about making that happen.”


“Can’t we 

make

 them give up slavery?” Anakin asked.


Obi-Wan looked at him steadily. “Violence is not the path of the Jedi. But say we decided to use force.  We are only two people. Can we take on every slave owner? The slaves have chips, the owners could simply blow them up.”


Anakin stuck out his lower lip.  “Before Master Qui-Gon found me I was working on a device to detect chips.”


Obi-Wan’s eyebrows went up.  “Were you now? Could you recreate that?”


“Yes!”


“Okay, why don’t you make your chip detector then. Do you have the parts you need?”


“No, I’m missing a few things.”


Obi-Wan stood up and shaded his eyes as he looked at the horizon.  Anakin had the impression he was looking far beyond the planet and into the Force itself.  


Finally, he spoke. “We need some new parts for the vaporators too, and Cliegg and I were talking about establishing a perimeter fence. Let’s take a trip to Mos Eisley tomorrow, and get what we need.”  Then he turned back to Anakin and said, “We can’t just free everyone without a plan. We’ll have to figure out how to get them away from their masters. They’ll need jobs, places to stay, food. But we can think about that while you build your reader.”


Anakin wanted to dance, so he did, an energetic solo with leaps and twirls.  Wizard! Finally, his dream of freeing the slaves would come true!


*****


Count Dooku’s lip curled.  Tatooine was one of the most backward, horrid planets in the galaxy.  It figured that that’s where he would have to go. A Sith’s life was not nearly as glamorous as it should be.  In many ways it was as bad as a Jedi’s.


It hadn’t taken long to figure out where they were. Skywalker, of course, had made a beeline for his mother. Sidious had instructed him to find them, and to make contact, and then to report back.  He wondered what his interest in them was. Did he want more apprentices? What about the rule of two? Dooku wasn’t sure it was in his best interest to be too forthcoming with Sidious. Although it wasn’t in his best interest 

not

 to be forthcoming either, as he’d learned the hard way.  He was just going to have to play this by ear.


He had sent Jabba the Hutt a request for an audience.  He could spin some fairytale about how he wanted to align his planet with the Hutts because of their trading reach and importance.  Which was sort of true, because Sidious would want them on his side once the time came. Then, when he was on the planet he could seek out Kenobi and Skywalker.


He had to admit that he was curious to meet Kenobi.  He wasn’t sure why, but somehow their paths hadn’t crossed before.  Qui-Gon had always spoken very highly of him, however. Dooku would make his own judgments, but he wondered how open Kenobi would be to the dark side.  It would be interesting to find out. 


*****


The following day, Obi-Wan and Anakin set out early for Mos Eisley.  Anchorhead was too small to have what they needed, and Mos Espa was too far away.


“Watch your step,” Cliegg told them.  “It’s a wretched hive of scum and villainy.”


“Good to know,” Obi-Wan said, patting the lightsaber that hung off his belt.  He had offered their lightsabers to Yoda before they left Coruscant, but Yoda, knowing where they were going, said they should keep them.  Thank goodness, because he didn’t care for blasters but sashaying around Tatooine weaponless was just stupid. 


They hit all the junk shops and parts shops in town, and finally had everything they needed.  Obi-Wan was glad that Anakin spoke Huttese, it made bargaining a lot easier. They were starting to run low on credits though--or wupiupi to be more accurate.  He wondered if he should take a job somewhere to earn some money, especially if he and Anakin were really going to start a movement to free the slaves.  


Anakin was starting to get increasingly cranky, and Obi-Wan realized he needed to eat. They found a cantina that looked slightly less seedy than the rest, though that was not much of a recommendation.  The place was filled with pirates and bounty hunters and smugglers of all sorts, but it had a fun band playing a zesty tune, so he and Anakin found an empty booth at the back of the place. Luckily, no one appeared to be paying them any attention.


Not until the end of their meal, that is.


Obi-Wan had the sense that someone was watching them, but when he looked around, he didn’t see anyone.  


Finally, as Anakin was gobbling up his desert, a shadow fell across their table.


“Knight Kenobi?”


It was a tall, elegant man, with smooth white hair and beetling black brows, draped in a cloak of the finest Chandrillan wool.  He looked as out of place in this joint as a bantha in a ballet.


“Yes?” Obi-Wan said cautiously.  “I’m afraid you have the advantage of me.”


“My name is Count Dooku.  Formerly Master Dooku, of the Jedi Order. I was Qui-Gon Jinn’s master.”


“Master Dooku!” Obi-Wan exclaimed.  “What an unexpected surprise! What are you doing on Tatooine of all places?  I heard you’d returned to Serenno when you left the Order.”


“I did return to Serenno.  I’m actually here on behalf of my planet, to negotiate with the Hutts,” Count Dooku said.


Anakin stared at him round-eyed during all this, fascinated by the appearance of the long-lost Master Dooku.  But when Dooku mentioned the Hutts, his eyes narrowed. Obi-Wan, who was sitting next to him, popped a dried pallie into his apprentice’s open mouth before he could wax poetic on the Hutts.  Anakin scowled at him as he chewed the leathery fruit.


“Count, would you care to join us?” he asked, gesturing to the seat across from them.


“Don’t mind if I do,” Dooku said, and slid gracefully into the booth. “Are you here on a mission?”


“No, as a matter of fact. And you’re actually the perfect person for us to talk to. Anakin and I have taken a leave of absence from the Order,” Obi-Wan said.  


One eyebrow lifted.  “Have you? And how do you like life outside of the Order so far?”


“It’s been an adjustment, but nice.  We actually only just left,” he said.


“And may I ask what brought this decision on?” he asked, but he looked at Anakin as he said it.  He obviously realized that a knight wouldn’t bring his padawan with him if he was the one who chose to leave.


“Anakin had some questions about his place in the Order.  He came to us late, and has had a very different life experience than those of us who were raised in the Temple,” Obi-Wan explained.


Dooku gave Anakin a long look.  “You’ve come back to your family,” he said.


Anakin’s eyes widened again, his earlier displeasure forgotten.  “Yes! How did you know?”


Dooku shrugged.  “That’s what I did when I left the Order.  I returned to Serenno, the planet of my birth.”


Obi-Wan could tell that Anakin had many questions, but he was surprised with what came out of the boy’s mouth.


“Would you like to come home with us for dinner?” he asked.

Notes:

The wedding speech is from Princess Bride.

It didn't take Dooku long to find them, did it.


Chapter 3

Chapter Text


This was going even better than he’d expected, Dooku congratulated himself. 


His meeting with Jabba was scheduled for three days from now, but he had come early so he could track down the wayward Jedi. Not only was that surprisingly easy, he hadn’t even had to try to win their trust. The fools had accepted him right away. In fact, they were in a rickety old landspeeder on the way to their home at this very moment. 


He felt surprisingly warm all over, in a way that had appeared unrelated to the heat of the planet.  How odd, he thought. Perhaps he was coming down with some disgusting disease he’d caught on this Force-forsaken dustball.  But when he looked at his companions in the front seat, the feeling only intensified. It didn’t feel like rage, or even anger. Well then, it must be hate.  What else was there? 


*****


The landspeeder was so loud that it limited conversation.  That didn’t prevent Anakin from peppering Dooku with questions as they drove.


He asked about everything from Qui-Gon to Serenno to why hadn’t he met Obi-Wan before.  “I mean, aren’t you basically his grandpa? Didn’t you want to meet him?” he yelled over the vibrations of the vehicle. 


Grandpa! Why that little… He pretended he didn’t hear the question, and finally Anakin gave up.


Eventually a series of low buildings appeared on the horizon. He assumed--hoped--that it was the farm house, and his hopes were well founded. As soon as they parked he picked his way out of the speeder gingerly and hoped that the ringing in his ears wasn't going to be permanent. They were soon joined by what must be Anakin’s family. Anakin immediately ran to the woman.


“Mom! Mom! We found Master--I mean Count--Dooku in Mos Eisley and brought him home with us! He was Qui-Gon's master!” he said excitedly.  


She didn’t seem too surprised that they'd brought home a stranger, but the man and the boy did. Now that was interesting.


“Hi,” she said, extending her hand.  “My name is Shmi Skywalker Lars. This is my husband Cliegg and our other son Owen.”


“Pleased to meet you,” Dooku said, shaking everyone’s hand and hiding his reluctance to touch them.  Skywalker Lars? A step-family then. Perhaps that meant some weaker ties that he could exploit. “I, too, left the Jedi Order a few years ago.  It was happy circumstance that led me to run into young Anakin and Obi-Wan here on Tatooine. I am here to meet with Jabba the Hutt on behalf of my planet, Serenno.”


He was gratified when their faces registered a flattering amount of awe.  He 

was

 pretty awesome.


“Dinner is actually almost ready.  If you’ll come inside,” she said, leading the way into the hovel--he supposed he should think of it as a 

home

. He had to be mindful of his thoughts if he didn’t want to alert his prey.


The meal was surprisingly good--some sort of curry, and he didn’t want to know what the meat was. The company was surprisingly good too, especially Obi-Wan Kenobi. The man had a sharp mind and an even sharper wit.  He would make an excellent Sith apprentice, Dooku thought. All that was standing in his way was Obi-Wan’s foolish adherence to the light side of the Force and his ridiculous fondness for all living things. Including this family.  He clearly cared about them a great deal, especially the padawan.


Anakin Skywalker was obviously very strong in the Force.  This was the child that Qui-Gon had thought to be the Chosen One.  It was kind of hard to imagine. He was rough around the edges, full of rude questions and nonsensical jibber jabber. However, he was not wholly without positive qualities.  Or so Obi-Wan seemed to think. 


At the moment he was regaling them all with a story about some droid he and the other boy were repairing, and then he jumped up and ran off to get it.


“Anakin, no!” said his mother.  “It’s time to eat, it’s not time to play with your droids!”


“I just want to show it to everyone,” he said, as he returned to the table holding the head. “It had a bad motivator, and we didn’t have a new one so Owen and I repaired this one.  When Obi-Wan and I were in town we got a new one just in case, but if this works…”


He flipped the switch on the back of the head, and the eyes lit up. “Wizard!” he said. Then there was a grinding noise, followed by what sounded like flatulence, and then the head blew up. One of the eyes bounced into Dooku’s bowl; the other one landed on the floor.  Anakin’s face was blackened and his hair was sticking out everywhere.


Everyone stared at him, eyes round, mouths open.  The silence was broken by the droid C3PO’s loud gasp, and Owen’s sudden guffaws.  


“Haw haw haw! It farted!  And Anakin! Your face! Haw haw haw!”


“That’s enough young man,” Cliegg said, staring at Owen sternly but he continued to laugh.  Shmi got up and hustled Anakin away to clean him up.  


Obi-Wan turned to Dooku with a grimace.  “Ah, sorry about that. Anakin gets excited about his repair projects. He’s really quite a good mechanic you know.”


Dooku blinked at him a few times. He felt the lower half of his face straining in an unfamiliar way. “Don’t mention it,” he finally said.


***** 


After the dishes, the droid remnants, and Anakin had been cleaned up, they moved into the great room.


Dooku hadn’t been counting on having to stay the night.  He hadn’t spent much time reading up on the local flora and fauna, but it turned out that something called Tusken Raiders prowled the desert wastes at night, hunting for unsuspecting prey. It wasn’t like there were luxurious hotels to stay in on Tatooine anyway, and perhaps this extra time with Kenobi and Skywalker would be fruitful. 


Anakin was subdued, but still irrepressible. “Can you tell us a story about Master Qui-Gon’s padawan days?” he asked, carefully avoiding Obi Wan’s eyes. “Mom and C3PO knew him too.”


“Certainly. Let me just think a moment.”  What was a suitable story to tell these people? Perhaps one of the many times Qui-Gon had gotten carried away with one of his pet projects.  That was something he and Anakin Skywalker appeared to have in common.


“About three years into Qui-Gon’s apprenticeship, we were sent to Kashyyyk as part of a diplomatic mission in the sector.  Qui-Gon, who had just completed his Horticulture of the Mid Rim class, wanted to see some of Kashyyyk’s plants in their natural habitat, so I allowed him to take an afternoon to explore.  Little did I know that he’d decided to bring back some samples with him, including a Kudzu cutting. 


“Kudzu is a fast-growing vine that doesn’t need much encouragement. Qui-Gon put it in a cup of water, and while we were sleeping it started to expand around the ship.  It worked its way into the engine and would have left us stranded if we hadn’t found it in time.”


Anakin danced around in his seat.  “Wow! Master Qui-Gon did that?”


Dooku cut him a look. He wasn’t supposed to be romanticizing this, he was supposed to Learn a Lesson. “He did, but that’s not even all of it. He also brought a stowaway on board, a Puff-Head Tamarin who was hiding among some of the leaves Qui-Gon had grabbed. We didn’t realize he was there until the mission was complete and we were returning to Coruscant. This little menace had almost chewed through our navigation system when we discovered him.  We ended up having to return to Kashyyyk for a few days to return the tamarin to his home and make repairs to our vessel.” He closed his eyes at the memory. He had been so annoyed at the time, but in retrospect it was kind of...endearing.


“Pathetic lifeforms,” Obi-Wan muttered under his breath, and Dooku nodded at him in complete understanding.  


“Pathetic lifeforms indeed,” he agreed.


*****


Obi-Wan had given up his bed for Dooku, but Dooku was having a hard time sleeping.  He was feeling things that he hadn’t felt in a long time. And every time he tried to smother these gentler emotions under a wave of rage, the wave broke and dissipated.  It was most disturbing. 


Finally, he gave up his attempts to woo sleep, and headed out to the courtyard for some fresh air.  There he found Obi-Wan. That wasn’t really going to help build his rage back up, but he joined him anyway.


“Couldn’t sleep?” Obi-Wan asked when he sat down.


“No. Unfamiliar bed and all that,” he lied.  It would be highly undesirable to discuss his inability to summon rage.


“Thanks for the story about Qui-Gon,” Obi-Wan said.  “Sometimes my memories of him are colored in grief.”


“Mine as well, young Obi-Wan,” Dooku said, surprised to find that it was true.


“I’m glad we ran into you,” Obi-Wan continued. The naive pleasure in his tone made Dooku squirm. “I’m wondering if I can pick your brain about something?” 


“Certainly,” he said.


“He was a slave, you know.  Anakin, that is. He and his mother,” said Obi-Wan.  “Qui-Gon freed him but was unable to free his mother.  That’s why he wanted to come back. But when we got here we found she’d already been freed by Cliegg.  We arrived just in time for their wedding.”  


Dooku raised an eyebrow. “That must have been interesting.” 


Obi-Wan smiled. “Very. He likes being with his family, but he still wants to be able to help others. In particular, he’d like to do something to free slaves. I tried to explain to him how difficult that is, that there are many ramifications to it, but in the end I agreed to help him. He is building a chip reader, and we are going to see about creating a path for people to get away.”  


‘You know that the slavers will simply find more slaves, don’t you?” Dooku asked.


“Yes, of course. I tried explaining that to Anakin, but then I thought why not just help him instead of telling him all the reasons something won’t work without at least trying it.  Of course we’ll need money, places to hide former slaves, someone to remove their chips, ways to get them off planet…” Obi-Wan trailed off and Dooku could tell he was strategizing.  


“I can help with that.” He turned around to see who had said that, but it turns out it was him.  Huh, that was weird. Why would he offer that? Perhaps his subconscious cooked it up as part of his plan to make sure Obi-Wan and Anakin were in his debt.  


Obi-Wan’s face lit up.  “Could you really? That would be fantastic,” he enthused. Dooku continued to stare at him blankly, still wondering what had just happened. 


“Of course, to ensure everyone on Tatooine is truly free, society has to decide it will no longer tolerate slavery,” Obi-Wan said.  “That means all the citizens would have to stand together to demand change. Nothing about this planet suggests that that is likely. It could also be a decision that comes from the top, but seeing as how the Hutts are in power here, that also seems unlikely.”


“Perhaps you and Skywalker would like to come with me when I speak to Jabba?” Dooku suggested.  “My understanding is that he does not approve of slavery, but doesn’t forbid it either.” 


“Hmm,” Obi-Wan hesitated.  “I don’t know. I don’t want to draw attention to us, otherwise they’ll come after us first when slaves start disappearing.” 


“On the other hand, it never hurts to ask,” Dooku said.  “And Qui-Gon always spoke highly of your negotiating skills. Why don’t you think about it. You have a few days to decide.” 


Dooku got up then and returned to his bed, leaving Obi-Wan to his own devices. At this rate not only was Obi-Wan going to make a lousy Sith, so was he.  What was going on? Why was he offering help and advice? Why was he feeling the pull of the Light? He needed to refocus on his rage and hate, that was all. It was just a momentary aberration. He just better hope that Sidious didn’t notice.


Chapter 4

Notes:

Mostly fluff!  Thought we could all use some fluff right about now. Quote at the beginning of the chapter is from Mr. Blue Sky by ELO.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Chapter Text



Warning! Today’s forecast calls for blue skies.


 


Anakin woke up far earlier than usual, pulled from sleep by a niggling worry.  


Obi-Wan, he thought.


He snuck out of the room he shared with Owen, and found Obi-Wan stretched out on a pallet in the Great Room, snoring gently.  Anakin sat next to him and stared at him until one eye opened and stared back.


It didn’t look like a happy eye.


“Good morning, Anakin.  You’re up awfully early today,” Obi-Wan grumbled.


“Sorry, Master,” he said, though he wasn’t, not really.  He had something he needed to know about right away, and it just couldn’t wait.


“Are you going to leave me here?” he asked in a rush.


The other eye opened, and then Obi-Wan sat up, looking at Anakin with mild concern.


“You’re with your mother now, but...I wasn’t planning on it, Anakin,” he said. He crossed his legs under him, and stared down at his hands for a moment.  Then he looked up and smiled at Anakin. “I promised Qui-Gon I would train you. Not just as a Jedi, but as a Force-user. It takes years to master yourself, to gain the control needed to effectively wield the Force and protect yourself and those around you from being overwhelmed by it. If you no longer want my help I will leave, but I will always be available to talk and would return at any time. And of course, you would always be welcomed back by the Jedi at any time as well.”


“No!” said Anakin, as he lunged at Obi-Wan and hugged his midsection. “I mean, no, don’t go.”


He could feel Obi-Wan patting his back, could hear his soft laugh, and his worries eased.  “I guess it’s all settled then.”


*****


Dooku hadn’t meant to eavesdrop, but he was awake when he heard Anakin come rushing out of his room.  And the doors didn’t really prevent sound from carrying. And okay, he used the Force to hear the conversation.  So sue him, he was a Sith after all.


He lay there thoughtfully, digesting what he’d heard. Feeling nostalgic and even a bit melancholy. 


Would he have left the Jedi for Qui-Gon? Would Qui-Gon have left for Obi-Wan? He squirmed uncomfortably, suspecting that he knew the answers and that they didn’t reflect favorably on him or Qui-Gon. 


Then he wondered again what Sidious wanted with these two. There was no real way to know with that guy; if he’d learned anything in his apprenticeship it was that Sidious had plots within plots, and the only real winner in any of them was Sidious.


He flipped onto his side, hatching some plots of his own. He was starting to think that his interests and Sidious’s did not necessarily align. And after all, wasn’t it every Sith apprentice’s duty to overthrow the master?


*****


Obi-Wan was still a bit tired--Anakin had woken him up at the crack of dawn, unable to wait even an hour longer to make sure Obi-Wan wasn’t going to slip away the minute his back was turned.  He smiled to himself. What could he say, it was nice to be appreciated.  


He was clearing space for the morning katas and self-defense lessons while everyone else was eating when Master--Count--Dooku joined him.


“How did you sleep Count Dooku?” he asked, and Dooku wrinkled his nose.  


“Please, just call me Dooku,” he said.  “What are you doing?”


“After breakfast we run through katas, and I’ve been teaching the rest of the family self defense,” Obi-Wan told him.  His face brightened. “Please join us! Perhaps you and I could provide a demonstration?” At Dooku’s studiously blank look, Obi-Wan immediately apologized.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to put you on the spot. You left the Order after all, and I shouldn’t--” But Dooku cut him off.


“Don’t apologize, Obi-Wan.  I’d be happy to show you how it’s done.”  He raised one eyebrow, and Obi-Wan laughed.  


“I’m sure you’ll try,” he agreed, and bowed. 


Dooku and Obi-Wan led the Lars-Skywalkers through Shii Cho, the lightsaber Form One, and then they demonstrated some self-defense techniques for hand--to-hand combat. 


“Our last lesson today is defense against the Sand People’s melee weapons,” Obi-Wan told them, as he led them to a sheltered area outside.  “Dooku and I will demonstrate.”


He tossed Dooku a long pole, and took one up himself.  The two clashed and clashed and clashed, neither able to land a blow on the other.


“You haven’t lost your touch,” Obi-Wan said admiringly. Then with a smirk he added, “For a retiree.”


Dooku snorted.  “You’re not so bad yourself,” he said.  “For a whippersnapper.”


Finally they called a draw. Anakin, bouncing excitedly on the balls of his feet, demanded more. “Can you have a lightsaber fight? Can you?” He pleaded.


“Have a heart Anakin,” Obi-Wan said, swatting him with the towel he’d been mopping up with.  It was already getting hot even though it was still fairly early, and they still had all the farm chores ahead of them. “Maybe tomorrow.”  


Dooku, facing away from the others and looking down as he wiped the back of his neck, said, “I don’t have my lightsaber with me.”


“You can borrow mine!” Anakin declared, as though the matter was settled. He missed the visible discomfort in Dooku’s posture, but Obi-Wan didn’t.  He just wasn’t quite sure what to make of it.


*****


Palpatine hated people. A lot.  But at the forefront of his hate right now was Wat Tambor, head of the Techno Union. Every time he thought he’d convinced Tambor to increase production of his droid army that jerk-face would balk, worried about a proper return on his investment.  


“I have heard that the Republic is considering raising its own army,” Palpatine said through gritted teeth. 


“I don’t know,” Wat Tambor countered.  “I haven’t heard anything about that, and I’ve been asking around.  We have an army now, and it is suitable for our purposes. I do not see a need to increase production at this time.  It would not be profitable.”


Sidious seethed at Tambor’s holoimage. It was so (so) tempting to just squash him like a bug, but he had to stifle such impulses.  He still needed the Techno Union. He needed them to play their part in the war he was creating. Afterward, when everyone was worn out, he could wipe all the players out--the Jedi, the Trade Federation, and the incredibly annoying Techno Union.  The thought soothed him, and he was able to speak again without choking Tambor out.


“I am sure I can find a way to make it worth your while,” he said. “I will meet you on Mustafar in a week’s time.” He shut the call off without giving Tambor an opportunity to argue with him.  


He took off his cloak and returned to his main office, sat at his spacious desk and looked out over Coruscant. He leaned back and steepled his fingers together while he planned. While he was out and about he could swing by Geonosis and see how those droid factories were progressing. And before he left Coruscant he could probably get in a session or two with some vulnerable senators, laying the groundwork for how the Republic didn’t actually care about their planets.  En route he could call Nute Gunray of the Trade Federation yet again, and let him know the court cases against them were grinding to a halt. 


And last, but far from least, he’d gotten a message from Dooku that he’d made contact with Kenobi and Skywalker. He hadn’t elaborated though, and although Palpatine would dearly love some additional details, he didn’t have time to track him down right now. Especially not when he had Tambor to work over.  Er, work on, that is.  


He also had to keep Dooku unwitting about his true interest in Skywalker.  If he harassed him too much for updates, he might get suspicious, and that would not do.  Nope, he had to remain unsuspecting. But one day...one day...


Even with occasional hiccups everything was still coming together so beautifully. The thought made him want to do his Sithly jig, but he didn’t dare, not in his main office.  Perhaps later, in his secret inner office. 

Notes:

Sorry for the delayed posting, it's a stressful time. The corona virus has made everything so weird, hasn't it.  Hope everyone is doing okay and staying safe!


Chapter 5

Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text


It had already been decided that Dooku would stay with them until his meeting with Jabba, thanks to Dooku dropping a series of unsubtle hints. Anakin offered to stay at the house with him that morning while everyone else headed to the vaporators.


“Do you want to come to the garage with me?” Anakin asked shyly, not at all sure that a planetary leader would desire such a thing. “I have some repair work I need to do.”


“That sounds acceptable,” Dooku replied, and was gratified by the pleasure that suffused the boy’s face.


He watched as Anakin pulled out his tools and a box of parts, and started laying everything out. “What are you working on?” he asked, sincerely hoping it wasn’t another droid head.


Anakin eyed him speculatively. Finally he said, “Chip reader.”


“Ah yes, Obi-Wan mentioned you were going to build one.”


Anakin’s expression lightened. “Did he? Yes, I designed one before but couldn’t get it to work. I think I know where I went wrong.” As he spoke his hands moved deftly, slotting pieces together, and it wasn’t long before it took on a recognizable shape. 


Dooku was impressed in spite of himself. “How will you know…” he trailed off, feeling uncharacteristically awkward.


“If it works? Well, mom and I had our chips removed. But I do know some people who probably still have them,” Anakin said, his jaw tightening. Anger flared in the Force.


Dooku stared at him, surprised by the strength of his emotions and his power in the Force. Well, well. Finally he said, “Let me know when you’re ready.”


“Ready?” Anakin repeated, perplexed. 


“Yes, ready to test it,” he said. “I’m sure Obi-Wan won’t mind if we borrow the speeder.”


“Wizard!”


*****


Before they left for Mos Espa, Anakin made Dooku put on sunblock and a long, hooded cloak, treating him to a lecture on the dangers of being out in the two suns without protection. Dooku found himself oddly charmed.   


The trip to Mos Espa was long, and the speeder far too noisy to allow easy conversation. Dooku relished the opportunity to think, but eventually he noticed Anakin’s growing nervousness. He patted him awkwardly on the shoulder, and Anakin looked at him in surprise.


When they reached the slave quarters Anakin’s discomfort had increased. “Park here,” he said stiffly, his concentration focused on one house in particular. “That’s where we used to live.”


Dooku couldn’t help but notice the despair and grief that had bled into the very walls of the buildings within the slave quarters. That was not unexpected. What was unexpected was the glimmers of hope he detected as well. To be honest, he’d never thought about slaves from the perspective of the slave before.


Suddenly there was someone running toward them.  “Dina!” Anakin cried, as they hugged and spun around.


“Anakin! What are you doing here?” Dina, a Rodian, held Anakin out at arm’s length and inspected him.  


Anakin looked shifty for a moment.  “I’m here to see Kitster. Does he still live here?”


“Oh yes, he’s at work right now.  He should be home soon. But come, tell me everything.  What are you doing back here? And who is this?” she asked, gesturing toward Dooku.


At Anakin’s stricken expression, Dooku stepped in.  “My name is Dooku, I’m a friend of Anakin’s from his days at the Jedi Temple. He was studying with the Jedi but chose to return to Tatooine.”


“So you’re here to free us all, just as you dreamed!” Her voice rose in excitement as she spoke, reaching a penetrating shriek. Anakin pounced on her and put his hand over her mouth.


“Are you trying to get us killed?” he hissed.  “We just came to see Kitster!”


Dina looked crestfallen, and when Anakin pulled away his hand she apologized profusely.  But a curious gleam remained in her eye. So much for their attempts at subtlety Dooku thought.


Dooku was just considering whether a Jedi mind trick would work on her when a cry came from behind them.


“Anakin!”


“Kitster!”


The two boys ran toward each other and hugged fiercely.  


“You did come back,” Kitster whispered in disbelief.  


“I did, and I have something to show you.”


The boys exchanged a series of raised eyebrows and then Kitster turned toward a building, the others falling in behind him. Anakin turned around and was about to tell Dina to stay put when Dooku shook his head slightly.  Might as well bring her along, she’d shout the news to the rooftops if they didn’t. They entered the abandoned quarters, and stood in a circle. Anakin pulled out his device.


“What is it?” asked Kitster.


“A chip reader.”


“A chip reader,” Dina sighed.  “Try it on me!”


Dooku and Anakin exchanged looks.  Anakin turned it on, and scanned her.  The machine beeped as it passed over her thigh.  Kitster took a swipe of coal dust on his finger to mark the spot.  Then they scanned Kitster. The machine beeped as it passed over his upper arm.  Anakin used the coal dust to mark the spot.


“Does Nelag still work in the quarters?” Anakin asked.


“Yes.  We can’t all go at once though, or someone will become suspicious.  Let me go. I’ll be back,” said Dina, and she hastened away.


Thirty minutes later she was back, with an old Twilek in tow.  “It worked!” she said. “Nelag was able to remove it!” 


Nelag pulled out his tools as Kitster showed him the spot where they’d found his.  Anakin turned on the reader for a more precise location, and Nelag made short work of the device, dropping it into a container with a solution to neutralize the bomb.  Then he stitched him back up.


They all looked at one another. “This changes everything,” Nelag breathed, hardly able to believe it.


*****


Dooku and Anakin hung around for some of the surgeries, but then they realized it was getting dark.  


“Here, keep this,” he said to Nelag, thrusting the reader into his hand.  “I live out by Mos Eisley now, at the Cliegg Lars farm. You can contact us there.” 


“We’ll be in touch,” added Dooku.  “When we figure out how to help the slaves who want to leave Tatooine.”  And then they slipped away, jumping into the speeder and heading out of town.


“Wow.  Wow.” Anakin was beside himself.  “We did it.” But even as he let the excitement roll through him, he realized there might be some people who might not be as pleased with them.


“Umm, Dooku, can you go faster?  It’s late, and my mom and Obi-Wan might be kind of mad.”


So Dooku hit the gas and drove with a panache that left Anakin breathless.  He was able to sense the Sand People that lay in wait, and he used the Force to kick up a windstorm that knocked them off their mounts.  By the time they arrived at the Lars-Skywalker household, it was quite dark, but it was by no means quiet. Lights blazed in front of the place, and they sheepishly met the gazes of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Shmi Skywalker Lars, who were staring at them with arms crossed and matching expressions of disapprobation.  Cliegg and Owen were conspicuously absent. He guessed they were the smart ones.


Obi-Wan lit into them with a litany of insults and guilt, while Shmi tugged them into the house, knocked the sand out of their cloaks and boots, and shook her head wordlessly. When everyone was inside, and seated at the table, she put her hand on Obi-Wan’s forearm to quiet him.


“We were worried,” she said simply.  “You left a note, but we had no way to contact you.”


Dooku and Anakin both hung their heads.  Wait, why was he letting this farm woman browbeat him?  He was the leader of Serenno! He was a Sith Lord! Dooku started to raise his head, but then he met Obi-Wan’s glare, and lowered it again.  And somehow, deep inside, he felt like singing. 

Notes:

You can't leave your parents wondering where you are, even when you're out saving the slaves.  :)


Chapter 6

Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text


The day after their Mos Espa adventure, Anakin and Dooku were on tenterhooks all day waiting for news. Finally, late in the afternoon, a call came through from Kitster.


“PSSST,” his blue image whispered loudly.  “PSSST.”


Anakin snatched up the comm.  “Kitster!  It’s me!”


“Anakin!” he cried. Then he looked carefully at a flmsi in his hand. “Er. Slippery sandcrawlers slip through the sea. I repeat, slippery sandcrawlers slip through the sea.”  


Anakin made a fist and pulled his arm back hard.  “Yes!” Then he focused again on Kitster’s wavy form.


“All?”


“No, but a lot,” was the giddy reply.  The other boy looked quickly over his shoulder.  “Gotta go!” And his image vanished.


Dooku smiled benevolently as Anakin jumped up and down. Ob-Wan and Shmi watched in mystification.


“What was that all about?” Obi-Wan asked. 


“It was a code we worked out.  It just means that the chip removal is going well.  A lot of slaves have already had them removed!”


“That’s wonderful, Ani!” exclaimed Shmi, pulling him in for a big hug.  


“We’re doing it Mom! We’re doing it!”


Obi-Wan caught Dooku’s eye and quirked an eyebrow. It was a critical first step, but it was only the first of many. 


*****


Obi-Wan found it hard to sleep that night. His mind was whirling as he considered various plans for getting the slaves away from Tatooine. And finding them places to live. And finding them jobs, and food, and clothing...his head hurt thinking about it.  He was really hoping that Dooku would be able to help. If Serenno was willing to take in former slaves, that would solve a lot of problems.


On the other hand...sometimes he got a weird vibe from Dooku. That had lessened actually, the longer the former Jedi was with them.  He turned that thought over in his mind for awhile, but didn’t reach any conclusions there either.  He sort of figured Dooku was maybe not always comfortable with other people. He knew there was a story there, but it was Dooku’s to tell when he was ready.


Finally he was able to clear his mind and get some sleep.  He needed to be well rested for their meeting tomorrow with Jabba the Hutt.  


*****


“Why can’t I go?” Anakin whined. “I can help! You need me! I won’t be in the way!”


“Obi-Wan and Dooku already explained that it was dangerous, and that they don’t want Jabba to remember you when slaves start going missing,” Shmi explained patiently. Again. She and Obi-Wan had been taking turns with him, but he was resisting their explanations.  Owen and Cliegg, tired of the back and forth, had left awhile ago to prepare some equipment they needed in the garage.


“But he’ll remember them! And he’ll find out they’ve been staying here!”


Finally Dooku, who’d been following the exchange silently, interjected.  “Anakin, we need you to stay here and monitor any communications from Kitster.”


That broke through where nothing else could.  “Fine! But be careful!” And he flounced out of the dining room angrily. 


“Sorry about that,” Shmi apologized, but Obi-Wan held up a hand. 


“No need to apologize to me.  Maybe I should apologize to you,” he said.  Then they both started laughing.  


Dooku stood up, adjusting his cloak regally.  “Shall we?”


“We shall,” said Obi-Wan, following him out of the house and to the speeder.  Obi-Wan wanted to take a few minutes to clean the pile of robes and blankets out the back seat, but Dooku was afraid they were going to be late. So they hopped into the front seat and waved goodbye to Shmi, Owen, and Cliegg, who had all followed them out of the house.


“I was sure Anakin would want to say goodbye,” Obi-Wan said with a worried frown, but Dooku dismissed his concern.


“He’ll be eager for news by the time we get back, and will have forgiven us for not taking him.”


“Hmmph,” Obi-Wan said. As the speeder got going it was too loud to have a coherent conversation so they just lapsed into silence. 


When they got close to the palace they parked and sat in the speeder for a moment, looking at it in the distance. Vehicles were not allowed closer, so they’d have to go by foot through the canyon. 


“We’re being watched,” Obi-Wan murmured.


“Yes, there are cameras, if you look up,” Dooku replied.


“It feels like eyes,” Obi-Wan said, then shrugged off his unease as they started along the path.


They’d gotten about halfway there when Obi-Wan turned to Dooku.  “Is that rock moving?”


Dooku watched it with narrowed eyes, and was surprised when Obi-Wan swiveled suddenly, darted back down the path, and seized the rock. 


“Anakin Skywalker! What are you doing following us?” Obi Wan demanded as Anakin, wearing a very large, dirt colored robe, struggled in his grip.


“Ow! You’re squeezing my arms!”


Obi-Wan released him, and Anakin massaged his biceps ostentatiously. “You stowed away in the back seat! We told you to stay home, Anakin.” 


“No you didn’t!”


Obi-Wan opened his mouth to argue, then decided not to waste his time.  Instead, he smiled sweetly. “Then why were you hiding?”


Anakin, realizing a trap lingered in those words, changed tactics. “You always taught me to follow my instincts and listen to the Force. The Force warned me, and told me you need me,” he said stoutly.


Obi-Wan’s lips thinned, but before he could refute Anakin’s claim, Dooku stepped in. “It’s too late now, he has to come along. We’re being watched.”


Anakin, not liking the look on Obi-Wan’s face, hurried to walk next to Dooku, while Obi-Wan followed. When they reached the doors a little robot eye shot out and Dooku announced his identity. They’d already decided not to introduce Obi-Wan (and now Anakin) by name, but merely to say they were his associates.


The Twi’lek majordomo and some Gamorrean guards led them to Jabba. They joined a motley crew of mercenaries, bounty hunters, pirates, and entertainers. As they walked into Jabba’s throne room, one of the dancing girls took a look at Anakin and her eyes widened.  She looked away quickly.  


Had the slaves in Jabba’s palace gotten word of the chip reader too, Obi-Wan wondered, but then Jabba began rumbling in Huttese, and the protocol droid started to translate.


“The mighty Jabba welcomes you to his palace, Count Dooku of Serenno. Jabba the magnificent desires to know what you seek from him, and, most importantly, what you offer in return.”


Laughter rippled through the room at Jabba’s wit.  Dooku and Obi-Wan laughed along politely. Anakin remained stone faced.


“Oh mighty Jabba, I would like to have proprietary access to Hutt space and trade routes. In return I would offer the best of Serenno’s goods, including timber, water, and agriculture.”


A hum of interest buzzed around the room.


Jabba began speaking again, followed quickly by the translation.


“The illustrious Jabba does not think a proprietary interest in our trade routes would be in his best interest. Serenno’s goods are famous, but there are other planets with equally fine timber, water, and agriculture.”


Jabba waited for the droid to finish speaking, then he began again.  Before the droid could translate that statement a ribald laughter ripped through the room, and Anakin pulled hard on Obi-Wan’s robes.  


“Why that...why that…” he stuttered, but before Obi-Wan could ask what had happened, the droid helpfully chimed in.


“Jabba the pulchritudinous says that perhaps if you add your red-headed companion into the bargain, it would be more tempting.” Obi-Wan could feel his face burning, and Dooku’s eyes narrowed.  Before either of them could speak, Jabba delivered his coup de grace. The Huttese-speaking crowd gasped.  The droid translated.  But Obi-Wan didn’t need the translation to know that trouble was brewing. He had a very bad feeling about this...


“Why don’t you just confess that your true motive was to steal Tatooine’s slaves, even while pretending to be a friend to Jabba the Great? Did you think he didn’t know?”


And just as the droid was finished speaking, one of the bounty hunters lobbed a thermal detonator at the trio. 


It landed on Anakin’s cloak. In his panic he forgot all his Jedi training and began hopping up and down, shrieking. “Get it off! Get it off!”


Obi-Wan grabbed for the cloak, but he was too late. Dooku, enraged by Jabba and his minions, snatched it off of Anakin and flicked his wrist hard. His intent was merely to get it off of Anakin before it blew up, but as luck--or perhaps it was the Force--would have it, the fiendish device flew across the room and lodged itself firmly in the folds of Jabba’s neck.


Obi-Wan had never heard such a flurry of high-pitched curses as Jabba scrabbled uselessly at his neck, his arms too short to reach the bomb.  He calculated the odds of using the Force to help Jabba, and realized immediately that it was too late.  He pushed Dooku and Anakin down, and threw out his arms to hold back the explosion with the Force.  


Everyone had run when they’d realized what was happening, but Obi Wan was able to contain its blast radius, and surprisingly enough, no one else was hurt. However, no one got away unscathed.  Bits of Hutt had blown everywhere, creating a stinky, slimy mess across the entire room.  Obi-Wan lowered his arms and checked to make sure Anakin and Dooku were okay. Then he slowly pulled his robe off of him, holding it arm’s length as a chunk of intestine slid off the bottom. His lip curled.


“Another cloak ruined,” he said.


“Usually you just lose them. You don’t ruin them,” Anakin said helpfully.  


“Well I’m definitely going to ‘lose’ this one too,” Obi-Wan said, and he quickly dropped it. The smell was like nothing he'd ever experienced before, a nightmarish combination of moldering poultry bones and unwashed gym socks. He felt his eyes begin to water.


Dooku, drawing himself to his feet, surveyed the scene of death and destruction and disgustingness.  Everyone was milling around aimlessly, gaping at the Jabba parts strewn hither and thither.  A gleam appeared in his eye.  


“I claim Toma,” he said in a loud, commanding voice.  All eyes swiveled toward him.


“Toma?” someone asked.


“Toma. By Tatooine law, the one who kills a leader has the right to take his place. I, as the person who killed Jabba the Hutt, claim his throne.”


There was much agitated murmuring as everyone discussed the matter. If someone wanted to fight him for the honor they had to declare their intention immediately. As it turned out, the attendees were more interested in a regular paycheck than the dubious distinction of running Tatooine, so there was no dissension. There was also a near-universal desire to get away from the fetid smell.


“The other Hutts may fight you for it,” warned a young Mandalorian bounty hunter, edging toward the exit.


“I’ll take my chances,” said Dooku. And that was how Dooku of Serenno came to be in possession of Tatooine. 

Notes:

I totally made up the "toma" thing, that's not a Tatooine rule. I borrowed the word from Spanish, to mean seizure or taking.  

Anakin needs a middle name for maximum parental yelling.  Maybe it should be George.  Anakin George Skywalker!  You get back here right now!  Hmm.

