The Vode - Chapter 1 - RoseThorn14 - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24056941 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-07
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  13337
Chapters:  5/?
Comments:  130
Kudos:  477
Bookmarks:  107
Hits:  3931
Rating:  Not Rated
Archive Warning:  Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel TrilogyStar Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types  Relationships:  CC-2224 | Cody/Obi-Wan KenobiCC-2224 | Cody & CT-7567 | RexObi-Wan Kenobi & CT-7567 | Rex
Characters:  CC-2224 | CodyObi-Wan KenobiCT-7567 | RexCC-10/994 | GreyCC-5052 | BlyCC-3636 | WolffeCC-1010 | FoxJango FettBoba FettCC-1004 | GreeCC-6454 | PondsAnakin SkywalkerMace WinduPlo Koon
Additional Tags:  Alternate Universe - Canon DivergenceAlternate Universe - Arranged MarriageArranged MarriageCrackCrack Treated SeriouslyOtherwise known as all my ficspossible cody/obi-wan/rex laterMaybe - Freeformwe'll see where the story takes mePoor Obi-Wan KenobiObi-Wan Kenobi Needs a HugEnemies to Friends to LoversEnemies to Loverswe'll see how it goesI don't know how fast the relationship will move
Language:  English
Collections:  Favorite Rereads

Summary:
It didn't really take much to convince the Vode to rebel against the Kaminoans.


Chapter 1: The Clones Destroy the Plan
    
Notes:


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter Text

Jango Fett was not a good man.

 

This was a fact that he was very aware of, especially after the last decade.

 

However, Jango liked to think that, for all his failings, as a man, as a warrior, as a Mand'alor, he was a good father.

 

This conviction was questioned when Boba, his darling nine-year-old boy looked up at him in their rooms on Kamino, eyes wide as he asked, "Dad, is Cody my brother?"

 

Jango winced. He'd managed not to think about that all that much over the last few years.

 

"No, Boba," he'd murmured.

 

When he'd first taken on the job, Jango had had many good reasons. The promise of a son had been the primary one, but the credits, and the chance to get back at the Jetii had been extremely strong elements as well that all worked together to convince him to enthusiastically take up the job.

 

He hadn't counted on just what that would mean.

 

When the clones were described to him, the Kaminoans had made it seem like they would be blank slates to be programmed, nothing more than flesh droids and, for years, he hadn't been able to see how wrong he had been.

 

Jango had started feeling the creeping sense of wrongness and guilt that now plagued him constantly when he'd found a cadet huddled up in a small abandoned nook, sobbing for his decommissioned batchmates.

 

He'd tried to stop the practice from then, finding jobs for 'unsuitable' clones, and, most of the time, the Kaminoans could be convinced since feeding them cost less than droid upkeep. However, he wasn't always successful and every time he wasn't, that tearing sensation in his chest that made it hard to look himself in the mirror got worse.

 

And then he'd been there to witness a clone - CC-2225 - standing over a cadet that had been slated for decommissioning. The man had a blaster in his hands, and had already successfully gunned down one of the long-necks - as Jango had overheard his clones calling them - when suddenly he dropped. The Kaminoans were quick to take care of the unresponsive body, swiftly cutting his throat to leave the brain untouched so it could be examined for any deviations. 

 

"What was that?" Jango demanded as they took the body and the cadet away.

 

Lama Su blinked slowly at him.

 

"You need not worry," she assured him. "We just installed… safeguards to ensure that the clones properly for the Republic and the Jedi."

 

"What safeguards?"

 

Lama Su hesitated, but could not hold up under Jango's glare.

 

"Behavioural chips. They were specifically requested, and the protocols pre-programmed before we put them in. Our benefactor insisted they be included. They were one of the few things the initial cloning order was specific about."

 

As the Kaminoan turned to leave, Jango instinctively locked eyes with CC-2224, their faces displaying mirrored expressions of horror.

 

CC-2224 recovered first, his face rearranging itself into harsh stoicism, already displaying characteristics that would have him placed into high commander training in just a few months' time.

 

CC-2224's face may have been the image of professional, however, Jango knew his own face well enough to see the bite of accusation in his eyes.

 

"I'm going to fix this," Jango muttered, feeling a protectiveness spark in him that he was only used to feeling around his then six-year old son.

 

CC-2224 hadn't answered but the slight tightening of his features had been condemnation enough.

 

Jango had been too late.

 

Over that next year, Jango's conviction to change the plan only grew stronger.

 

He no longer had any reason to go along with his initial commission.

 

He already had his son, who he had confirmed had no chip in his head, and the money was in protected accounts, but he cared little enough about that regardless. And, to top it all off, Jango had learnt that Dooku, the jetii scum primarily responsible for Galidraan, was now on his employer's side.

 

That faceless entity that had reached out to him, promising him revenge on the jetii had now taken in the one jetii who's death might have mollified Jango into letting go of his grudge against the Order.

 

If Jango's love for his son, and his horror at what was being done, what he had helped be done, any less, Jango might not have seen it. Might have been too wrapped up in the rush of finally, finally getting his revenge to realise.

 

But he had.

 

No, Jango Fett might not have been a good man, but he was a smart one. He hadn't been appointed Mand'alor for no reason. He knew when he was being manipulated.

 

And Jaster would be disappointed in him if he had let his clones, his people suffer and die like this. More than disappointed, Jaster would have killed him for such a crime against Mandalorians.

 

So, Jango did what he should have done long ago. He got off his sheb and started making changes.

 

It started slow at first. Too slow.

 

But Jango had learnt patience the hard way, stuck for two years as a slave on a spice transport, and he knew how long it took to achieve freedom for just one slave. Jango was trying to free millions.

 

Dear gods, Jango had become the very thing he hated.

 

The only thing to do was to rectify the situation.

 

Jango started out by becoming more involved in the training process, getting to know his clones better. He began to get more involved in their training, slowly teaching them about their history, about what it means to be Mandalorian. He'd only managed to impart these lessons to the command, the Commander Squadron that had been established as well as the couple of hundred others that had been marked as leadership material, but he knew that the information would spread. He also managed to give those few them access to the holonet, trusting that they would know how to keep it a secret.

 

Really, the clones - no the Vode, that's what they were calling themselves - did the rest.

 

CC-2224 - Cody, who had gotten his name from one of Jango's lessons on glory, on kote - was the first. He had come to Jango with an accusatory plea (something only him and Fox had mastered) to get the chip out of his head. The look in his eyes wasn't trust, but a kind of desperation of a man that knew he had no other options, a man who was beginning to realise just how wrong their situation was.

 

The Kaminoans had really done too good a job picking out the commanders. When you put a group of the best strategists in millions together, and give them only one goal to focus their hopes on, they were going to get it done by any means necessary.

 

And so, at first it was a handful who would take 'private sparring sessions' with Jango, who had managed to purchase med droids proficient enough that they wouldn't leave a scar. And then it was a few dozen, and then a couple hundred. Jango told the Kaminoans it was his own version of testing, that their clinical trials couldn't really determine their battle readiness. Which was true, for the most part. The Kaminoans could ensure that they would be effective in a battle with their squads, but Jango could teach them how to live and fight alongside their comrades.

 

Now, the Vode were getting ready to make their move the next day, to wipe out their slavers, whilst Jango curled up beside his son in their quarters.

 

"No, Cody isn't your brother," Jango informed Boba.

 

Even though they were the same age and had the same DNA. No, Boba was the only one of them that Jango would call his son. He hadn't earnt the title of father for the rest of them, but maybe, just maybe, he had done enough to find a place amongst them as a fellow vod.

 

----

 

Cody stood over Taun We's body, having skewered her on the end of the beskad Jango had convinced the long necks to let him train them in.

 

He breathed heavily, clutching the Mandalorian saber so tightly that his knuckles turned white.

 

Rex, Waxer and Boil, the three vod that he'd chosen to take with him to secure the embryos.

 

Cody, who, as a Commander, had been afforded comm privileges with the rest of the squadron, got confirmations that Fox, Bly, Wolffe, Ponds, Gree and Grey had all completed their objectives.

 

"Communication towers are locked down, boss. What's our next move?" Fox asked.

 

Cody blanched, grateful that he had his helmet on. "Boss?"

 

"Yeah, Codes. You were the one to start all this, it's your job to figure it out," Bly contributed.

 

Cody glanced desperately at Rex, who's blaster wound was being field treated by Waxer until they could get him to the medics.

 

"Rex had just as many ideas as me, and it was both our decision to go forward."

 

That was true. Cody hadn’t had the courage or the right planning to move forward until Rex had subtly signalled to him in the mess one day and they'd met up in the middle of cadet patrol duty. Only with both of them on it, had they managed to move forward.

 

"Then he can be your Second in Command and we can be your Generals," Wolffe barked out over comms. "Just get to the command centre so we can actually get this place under control…. General."

 

Everything in Cody's training rebelled at the mere thought of him being addressed as General. They may have been made for the jetii, but they were their own people, and they decided where to move forward from there. And if that meant that he was going to be general when all he ever thought he would be was a commander, then so be it.

 

He was just glad that their progenitor was Mandalorian, and had decided to teach them enough about their ancestry for them to snap out of the worship the Long-necks had brainwashed them to feel for the jetii.

 

Speaking of…

 

"Ponds, get Fett into the centre as well. He knows more about interacting the galaxy than any of us do," he ordered into his wrist comm. "And Fox, make sure you have all your notes on Republic Law."

 

He glanced over at Rex.

 

"You okay, vod?"

 

Rex nodded tightly. "I can meet you there."

 

Cody wanted to argue, but he didn't have time for that kind of argument, and he couldn’t doubt that Rex would be sorely needed.

 

"Boil, get Kix up to the Command Centre."

 

They had a lot of work to do.

 

----

 

It took them four months to finally get everything together.

 

Within the first three weeks, they'd taken over Kamino entirely, renaming the planet Vodera and relegating the populace to the small floating outpost on the other side of the planet.

 

The Kaminoans were not a very populous race, as their warped biology made it extremely difficult for them to conceive and few were fertile. The small portion of the population that weren't scientists seemed happy enough to be left alone to their sequestered dwelling floating on the planets endless sea.

 

It had taken them another two and a half months to get all the paperwork together and to find out all the protocols.

 

Due to some very adept slicing by Jango and Tech - one of the defective clones that the former Mandalore had saved - they were able to gain access to the very, very deep archives of active Republic laws as well as relatively up-to-date news on what was happening in Coruscant.

 

They'd put together an information package and a trade proposal for the Republic Senate, which they'd send out to all the Senators as well as the Jedi Temple on Coruscant. They'd collected everything they knew about their conception, including the involvement of the Jedi Master Sifo Diyas as well as the legal evidence that supported their own declaration as an independent nation and people.

 

The High Court of Vodera had also managed to organise many beneficial exports for the planet that would help secure their place in the galaxy, which included rare and profitable sea delicacies as well as plastoid armour, from the factories that were built just a little ways off the capitol island, which the Vode had improved upon from the original design the Kaminoans had.

 

Now, all they needed was to choose just what they would do to cement themselves legally within the Republic.

 

"Why can't we just submit it like that?" Wolffe asked, pushing back off from the oval table in the Strategy Room.

 

"Because, vod," Fox replied, his voice thick with annoyance, "if we don't secure our position within the Senate properly, we'll have any number of worlds looking to tear us apart."

 

"We have a fighting force of one million soldiers," Ponds agreed. "And another three million that should be completely trained within five years. At this stage, we're the largest army in the galaxy. We need to do something that will ensure our safety or they will destroy us, especially since there's no way we're just going to stop training."

 

Jango nodded. "Exactly."

 

Cody rolled his eyes as the argument was brought to a close for what must have been the hundredth time. He understood why they were having it. Many of the laws or procedures they could undergo to tie themselves to the Republic would not be favourable to them, leaving them either with too little power in the Senate at best, or just as servile to it as the Jedi now were at worst.

 

Fox frowned as he looked down at his datapad.

 

Cody raised his eyebrow. "Go on."

 

"One of my team - Dogma, he's a good kid, a real stickler for rules - found something that might just be what we're looking for. It's very old from what we could tell but still in effect… You won't like it though."

 

"Just spit it out, Fox."

 

Fox sighed and pressed a button on his datapad, sending the files to everyone's personal datapad.

 

Cody felt his features slowly tightening as he read through the law and the subsequent proposal (which was more a very  diplomatically worded demand) for it to be carried out.

 

"No," Cody grit out, once he had finished, but his denial was met by silence amongst his court.

 

He glared around at his vode. "I'm not marrying a karking jetii."

 

Bly shrugged. "It would tie us to the Republic. It's a good faith demonstration from both sides."

 

"The Republic has to give up one of ten thousand soldiers whilst we have to submit to oversight by the Jedi. It's hardly an equal trade."

 

Rex snorted. "You're leaving out the part where the Jedi would be legally obligated to come to our aide without needing the consent of the Senate or the imploration of an outside party. That's a serious boon."

 

Cody shot him a betrayed look and Rex just shrugged. The traitor.

 

"And Jedi oversight is only a theoretical aspect of the law," Fox contributed. "In practice, it was more like having a Jedi hostage rather than an overseer. We are under no obligation to let them see any aspect of our planet that we don't want them to."

 

"Why would the Republic agree to this? How does it help them?" Cody argued. "The Senate's already scrambling. They just found out that their Chancellor was a kriffing traitor!"

 

"That’s exactly why they'll agree," Jango shot back. "They just found out that their Chancellor was a Sith, from a former Jedi, one that was a member of the Council. And said former Jedi was apparently planning to help start an galaxy-wide war. The Senate will be looking for a chance to punish the Jedi to show the public that they have a handle on them. Serenno's already managed to push all the blame onto them anyway."

 

Cody sighed, knowing he was losing the argument.

 

"The Senate will probably call for someone close to Dooku to be brought over, which means we won't only have a Jedi, but one that Dooku cares about," Fox said.

 

The vode around the table shift at that. They all wanted the chance for revenge against the Jedi for the life they consigned them to and it was all the better if it would also be a shot at the man who had seen to their continued torment.

 

"How do you know that?" Cody asked.

 

Fox shrugged. "I've read a lot about Senate rulings. They only ever usually traipsed this rule out to punish the Jedi. The last time was about two hundred years ago when Stewjon formally allied with the Republic, a planet that is also, funnily enough, a warrior culture."

 

Cody closed his eyes. "I'm still going to have to marry them."

 

"A lot of political marriages are basically imprisonment for one of the parties. It's not like you have to fall in love with him, vod," Fox replied. "It's a part of being King."

 

"Yes," Cody grit out. "A title which I was bullied into."

 

"Who else was gonna do it?" Grey piped up with a snort.

 

He cast a look around the table, looking for any support but only found enthusiastic agreement at Fox's proposal. He glanced at Rex, but the Prince of Kamino only shrugged.

 

"Hey, it's not my place to go against the Court. I'm only here because you lobbied to have me in this position. I wasn't a Commander."

 

Before Cody could launch into a rant about how their worth wasn't defined by how the Kaminoans valued them, and that Rex was just as critical to the freeing of the Vode as he was, Rex waved him off.

 

"I know, Codes, I know. But I agree with them. It's the best course of action."

 

"You all need to make the decision now, before the Senate can get their feet back under them. Dooku has almost certainly told them about Vodera by now," Jango reminded them.

 

Cody took a deep breath thinking over it.

 

After a few moments, he sighed, his shoulders slumping.

 

"Fine," he scowled. "Put it through."

Notes:

How did you guys like it? I really want to get into the political plays in this fic. So, instead of getting Clone Wars, we're getting Clone Politics with a dash of an arranged marriage sought of enemies to lovers thrown in on the side.

