THE SKYWALKER SAGA - Chapter 1 - Xacharus - Star Wars - All Media Types [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/23992255 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-03
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  54271
Chapters:  13/?
Comments:  4
Kudos:  4
Bookmarks:  1
Hits:  94
Rating:  General Audiences
Archive Warnings:  No Archive Warnings ApplyMajor Character Death
Categories:  OtherMulti
Fandoms:  Star Wars - All Media TypesStar Wars Prequel Trilogy
Characters:  Obi-Wan KenobiQui-Gon JinnAnakin SkywalkerPadmé AmidalaSheev Palpatine | Darth SidiousDarth MaulDooku | Darth TyranusAnakin Skywalker | Darth VaderYoda (Star Wars)Jar Jar BinksMace Windu
Additional Tags:  EpicSpace OperaSkywalker Family DramaLong-Term Relationship(s)Assassination Attempt(s)Movie: Star Wars: The Phantom MenacePre-Star Wars: The Phantom MenacePost-Star Wars: The Phantom Menace  Language:  English
Series:  Part 1 of the THE SKYWALKER SAGA series

Summary:
A re-writing of Star Wars.


Chapter 1: The Phantom Menace- Chapter 1
    
Chapter Text

 

Disclaimer: This is purely fanfiction and I own no part of the Star Wars franchise except for the merchandise I've collected over the years. I have no financial gain whatsoever from this.

 

       Greetings to all. I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy during these troubling times. As you all know, we 'wrapped up' Star Wars a few short months ago. Seems like it's been a few years! I can only speak for myself when I say that I was very disappointed with how the saga ended as well as the overall construction of the series in its entirety (excluding the original trilogy). Of course that's easy to say when looking back and, for me, 2019 was a year of terrible franchise “endings”. Truthfully speaking I thought that we, SW fans, deserved better- at least in terms of the story's quality. Again, this is only my opinion and I'm aware that not everyone will agree. That's completely acceptable. It was my own disappointment and anger that fed my desire to attempt to rewrite Star Wars (the prequels and sequels). I wanted to do this not because I think I'm some superior SW bastion of knowledge but because, after looking through the screenplays I found online, I really do think there's a better, more logical way to construct the story. I could be wrong. Please take into consideration that this is all opinion-based and meant for entertainment.

     Am I the one to do this? Who knows. Will everyone agree with my decisions? I highly doubt it. Is 20+ years of being a SW fan enough to get me through this? We'll find out! In all likelihood this has been done before, though I'm not aware of it. In any case, I can only hope that you will enjoy my version. I mean no offense to the original creators of this much-beloved saga.

A note on this, The Phantom Menace:

In hindsight, I have more good things to say about TPM than bad. I have re-watched the movie and read the screenplay more times than I care to admit and, despite its shortcomings, believe that all the threads of a good story are in there. I just feel that they could be assembled in a more pleasing way. Overall, the main problem with TPM is how dopey it is. I really can't come up with a better adjective. It's too silly- for anyone. The changes I made were not major, per se, but significant enough to affect the tone of the story. At the risk of going all Chris Nolan on you, I do think there's a lot to be gained by dialing down on the slapstick and technicolor and increasing the seriousness a bit. I have kept the screenplay format. I will only be working off of the screenplays and don't intend to bog them down with EU info because there is, quite literally, too much.

I could go on but will end this here and thank you for reading this fan's rendition of The Phantom Menace. I will post in segments. If you have any questions as to why I chose to do something a particular way, I look forward to your comments. If this is well-received I'll continue with AotC. Enjoy and May the 4th be with you!



 



STAR WARS





or





THE SKYWALKER SAGA




A Space Opera in 9 Episodes


 

 

 

 



Episode 1:The Phantom Menace


 

TITLE CARD : A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away....

 


 Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic. 


 The taxation of trade routes to outlaying star systems is in dispute.


 Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the


 greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the planet of


 Naboo and other small systems.


 While the congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain 


 of events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the


 conflict.....

 

Camera pans down to reveal a small space cruiser travelling at great speed. The cruiser is heading towards the beautiful lush planet of Naboo which is surrounded by a blockade of hundreds of Trade Federation battleships.

 


INT. REPUBLIC CRUISER - COCKPIT

 

The Captain and Pilot maneuver closer to one of the battleships.

 

QUI-GON : (off screen voice) Captain.

CAPTAIN : Yes, sir?

QUI-GON : (OSV) Tell them we wish to board at once.

CAPTAIN : Yes, sir.

 

The Captain looks to her view screen, where NUTE GUNRAY, a Neimoidian trade viceroy, waits with haughty defiance. He is a tall, proud creature who takes is position as viceroy very seriously. He is growing tired of dealing with these small systems and, in particular, the Naboo. His visage is grim as he waits for a reply.

 

CAPTAIN : (cont'd) With all due respect for the Trade Federation, the

Ambassadors for the Supreme Chancellor wish to board immediately.

NUTE : Of course. (He sniffs). We are happy to receive the Ambassadors.

 

The screen goes black. Out the cockpit window, the sinister battleship

looms ever closer.

 


EXT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - DOCKING BAY - SPACE (FX)

 

The small space cruiser docks in the enormous main bay of the Federation

battleship.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - DOCKING BAY - SPACE

 

A protocol droid, TC-14, waits at the door to the docking bay. Two worker droids, PK-4 and EG-9 watch. The door opens. The Republic cruiser can be seen in the docking bay. Two figures cloaked in brown robes are greeted by TC-14.

 

TC-14 : Welcome, Ambassadors. I am TC-14 at your service. This way, please.

 

They move off down the hallway.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - CONFERENCE ROOM

 

A door slides open. The two figures are led past camera into the formal conference room by TC-14.

 

TC-14 : My masters will be with you shortly.

 

The droid bows before OBI-WAN KENOBI and QUI-GON JINN. TC-14 backs out the door and it closes. The Jedi lower their hoods and look out a large window at the green planet of Naboo. Qui-Gon, sixty years old, has long peppered hair in a ponytail. He is tall and striking, with blue eyes. Obi-Wan is twenty five, with very short brown hair that still hasn't grown out, pale skin, and blue eyes. He has recently passed his trials and has become a Jedi Knight. He was Qui-Gon's padawan. He is less patient than his former master but means well and often follows the Jedi code more strictly than Qui-Gon.

 

OBI-WAN : I sense something...off.

QUI-GON : I don't sense anything.

OBI-WAN : It's not about the mission, Master Qui-Gon, it's something... else... elusive.

QUI-GON : You're not prone to anxiety Obi-wan. Don't center on it. Keep your concentration here and now where it belongs.

OBI-WAN : Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future...

QUI-GON : That is true, but not at the expense of the moment. Be mindful of the living Force. The shift from padawan to Knight still hasn't settled with you. You must think as a true Jedi now... Ever clear and in the moment.

OBI-WAN : Yes, Master. Qui-Gon. How do you think the Viceroy will deal with the Chancellor's demands?

QUI-GON : These Federation types have proven unpredictable at best. But I sense that negotiations will be short.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

 

VICEROY NUTE GUNRAY and his aide RUNE stand, stunned, before the droid TC-14.

 

NUTE : (Angry, practically hissing) What did you say?

TC-14 : The Ambassadors are Jedi Knights, I believe, Sir.

RUNE : (Visibly more shaken than his superior, Nute) I knew it! They were sent to force a settlement.

NUTE: The Chancellor has come to play.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY

 

A hologram of NUTE, surrounded by battle droids, appears in the conference room hallway.

 

NUTE : They must be dead by now. Proceed.

 

The hologram fades off, as a battle droid, OWO-1, cautiously opens the door. A deadly grey cloud billows from the room. Battle droids cock their weapons as a figure stumbles out of the smoke. It is TC-14, carrying the tray of drinks. The droid passes the armed camp just as two flashing lightsabers fly out of the deadly fog, cutting down several battle droids before they can fire.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

 

The bridge is a cacophony of alarms. Nute and Rune watch OWO-1 on the

viewscreen.

 

OWO-1 : Not sure exactly what...

 

OWO-1 is suddenly cut in half in mid-sentence. Rune gives Nute a tense look.

 

NUTE : What the blazes is going on down there?

RUNE : Sir, those droids won't be enough to take on a Jedi- let alone two.

NUTE : Then seal off the bridge!

 

The doors to the bridge slam shut.

 

NUTE : (cont'd) I want destroyers up here at once!

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY - OUTSIDE BRIDGE

 

Qui-Gon cuts several battle droids in half, creating a shower of sparks and metal parts. Obi-Wan raises his hand, sending several of the droids crashing into the wall.

Qui-Gon makes his way to the bridge door and begins to cut through it.

 

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

 

The crew is very nervous as sparks start flying around the bridge door. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan are on the view screen.

 

NUTE : Close the blast doors! Seal them in!

 

The huge, very thick blast door slams shut, followed by a second door, then

a third. There is a hissing sound as they close tightly. Qui-Gon stabs the door with his sword. The screen goes black as a red spot appears in the center of the blast door.

 

RUNE : (Almost hysterical with panic) They're still coming through, curse them!

 

On the door, chunks of molten metal begin to drop away.

 

NUTE : Where are those destroyers?!

 

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY - OUTSIDE BRIDGE

 

15 destroyer wheel droids roll down the hallway at full speed. Just before they get to the bridge area, they stop and transform into their battle configuration.The Jedi can't see them but sense their presence.

 

OBI-WAN: Qui-Gon!

QUI-GON : Take them down! We're past the formalities now.

 

The wheel droids, led by P-59, rush the entry area from three hallways, blasting away with their laser guns. They stop firing and stand in a semi-circle as the smoke clears. The Jedi are nowhere to be seen.

 

P-59 : Switch to bio...There they are!

 

The Jedi materialize at the far end of the hallway and dash through the doorway that slams shut. The WHEEL DROIDS blast away at them.

 

QUI-GON : We must find another way. Let's go!

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

 

Nute and Rune stand on the bridge, watching the view screen as the wheel droid's POV speeds to the doorway.

 

RUNE : We have them on the run, Sir! They're no match for the destroyers.

 

TEY HOW : Sir, they've gone up the ventilation shaft.

 

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - MAIN BAY

 

Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan appear by a vent in a giant hanger bay. They are careful not to be seen. Thousands of pale and greenish battle droids are loading onto landing crafts. They are not large but still menacing and pose a serious threat to anyone who opposes them.

 

OBI-WAN : (In shock) They've built an army! How has this matter escalated so quickly?

QUI-GON : This is an aggressive play even for the Trade Federation. It doesn't bode well for what lies ahead. We've got to warn the Naboo and contact Chancellor Valorum. Quickly- stow aboard separate ships and meet me down on the planet.

OBI-WAN: (With a serious and foreboding tone) You were right about the negotiations being short, Qui-Gon. They were over the moment we boarded this ship.

 


INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

 

TEY HOW recieves a transmission.

 

TEY HOW : Sir, a transmission from Naboo. It is Queen Amidala herself.

NUTE: (Looks at the screen with condescension on his face, practically ready to sneer at the young Queen.) At last we're getting results.

 

On the view screen, QUEEN AMIDALA appears in her throne room. Wearing her elaborate headdress and robes, she sits, surrounded by the GOVERNING

COUNCIL and FOUR HANDMAIDENS, EIRTAE, YANE, RABE, and SACHE. She is a young queen but intelligent and proud.

 

NUTE : (Cont'd) I assume you've come to sense, at last, your Highness. The Federation is pleased.

AMIDALA : You will not be so pleased when you hear what I have to say, Viceroy. Your trade boycott of our planet has ended.

 

Rune smirks at Nute.

 

NUTE : I was not aware of such a failure on our part.

AMIDALA : The Senate is finally voting on this blockade of yours.

NUTE : Your tone would suggest that you know the outcome.

AMIDALA : Enough of this pretense, Viceroy! I'm aware the Chancellor's Ambassadors are with you now, and that you have been commanded to reach a

settlement.

NUTE : My dear young Queen- you must be mistaken! I know nothing about any Ambassadors...

AMIDALA : (Surprised at this news, she tries to keep her composure) Beware, Viceroy.... the Federation's gone too far this time. The Senate-

NUTE : The Senate is well aware of the legality of our actions- as are you! If you think the Chancellor would be foolhardy enough to seek a settlement through force- ... No, my Lady. These petty threats and phantom ambassadors... It is you who has gone out of her depth.

AMIDALA : We will see.

 

The Queen fades off and the view screen goes black.

 

RUNE : Is it possible the Senate has voted against us?

NUTE : (Scoffs at his inferior's spinelessness) The Chancellor has no real power left. In any case it's too late now. We must move quickly to disrupt all communications on Naboo.

 

 


INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM

 

The QUEEN, EIRTAE, SACHE and her Governor, SIO BIBBLE, stand before a hologram of SENATOR PALPATINE, an older, kindly man.

 

PALPATINE : ...But how could that be? I have assurances from the Chancellor that his Ambassadors did arrive. It must...the...get...negotiate...

 

The hologram of Palpatine sputters and fades away.

 

AMIDALA : Senator Palpatine? (turns to Captain Panaka) What's happening?

 

Captain Panaka turns to his Sergeant.

 

CAPT. PANAKA : Check the transmission generators... It could be a malfunction.

BIBBLE : A malfunction? No... Your Highness, I fear a communications disruption can only mean one thing.

AMIDALA : Don't jump to conclusions, Governor. Invasion is too bold a move for the Federation. They don't dare go behind the Senate's back in such a manner.

CAPT. PANAKA : The Senate would revoke their entire franchise. They'd be finished!

AMIDALA : Can we continue to rely on negotiations?

BIBBLE : The hour has passed, my Lady. We've lost all communications. Where are the Chancellor's ambassadors? If the Federation has indeed moved to invade then there is nothing left to negotiate. We must prepare to defend ourselves.

CAPT. PANAKA : This is a dangerous situation, Your Highness. With no standing army our small security detail will be no match against Federation forces... This thing could escalate- quickly.

AMIDALA : I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.

BIBBLE: Your Highness... whether you condone it or not, it seems war is upon us.

 


EXT. SPACE LANDING CRAFT - TWILIGHT (FX)

 

Six landing craft fly in formation toward the surface of the planet Naboo.

 


EXT. NABOO SWAMP - SHALLOW LAKE - TWILIGHT

 

Three landing craft slowly descend through the cloud cover of the perpetually gray twilight side of the planet. One by one, the Federation warships land in the eerie swamp. Obi-Wan's head emerges from the mud of a shallow lake. In the background the activities of the invasion force can be seen in the mist, their carefully chosen colors blending into the landscape so that the droids are camouflaged. Obi-Wan takes several deep breaths, then disappears again under the muddy swamp. Troop Transports (MTT's) emerge from the landing craft.

 

 


EXT. NABOO EDGE OF SWAMP / GRASS PLAINS - TWILIGHT (FX)

 

The droid invasion force moves out of the swamp and onto a grassy plain. OOM-9, in his tank, looks out over the vast army marching across the rolling hills. A small hologram of Rune and Nute stands on the tank.

 

RUNE : There is no trace of the Jedi here. They may have gotten onto one of your landing craft.

OOM-9 : If they are down here, Sir, we'll find them. We're moving out of the swamp and marching on the cities. We have met no resistance.

NUTE : Excellent.

 


EXT. NABOO SWAMP - TWILIGHT

 

Qui-Gon runs through the strange landscape, glancing back to see the monstrous troop transports emerging from the mist. Animals begin to run past him in a panic, trees are hewn down recklessly. An odd, amphibious Gungan, JAR JAR BINKS, squats holding a clam he has retrieved from the murky swamp. The shell pops open. Suddenly, JarJar looks up and sees Qui-Gon and the other creatures running like the

wind toward him. One of the huge MTT's bears down on the Jedi like a charging locomotive. JarJar stands transfixed, still holding the clam shell in one hand. Then, JarJar drops the shell and grabs onto Qui-Gon as he passes. The Jedi is caught by surprise.

 

JAR JAR : What's hap-

QUI-GON : Let go!

 

The machine is about to crush them as Qui-Gon drags JarJar behind him. Just as the transport is about to hit them, Qui-Gon drops, and JarJar goes into the mud with him. The transport races overhead. Qui-Gon and JarJar pull themselves out of the mud. They stand watching the war machine disappear into the swamp.

 

JAR JAR : Hey... you saved my life!

 

The creature kneels in front of the Jedi dramatically.

 

QUI-GON : There's no need for that. (JarJar looks confused.) Get to safety if you wish to remain among the living.

 

Qui-Gon starts to move off but JarJar follows.

 

QUI-GON: What are you doing?

JAR JAR : Following you.

QUI-GON : That won't be necessary.

JAR JAR : But- but it is! It's demanded by the Gods! I owe you a life debt. I'm JarJar Binks, your humble servant.

 

In the distance, two STAPS burst out of the mist at high speed, chasing Obi-Wan.

 

QUI-GON : I have no time for this now...

 

The two STAPS barrell down on Obi-Wan.

 

JAR JAR : Watch out!

 

Qui-Gon throws JarJar back into the mud.

 

QUI-GON : Stay down!

JAR JAR : (His head pops up) Ooomph!

 

The two troops fire laser bolts at Obi-Wan. Qui-Gon deflects the bolts back, and the STAPS blow up. One-two. Obi-Wan is exhausted and tries to catch his breath.

 

OBI-WAN : Sorry, Qui-Gon, the water fried my weapon.

 

Obi-Wan pulls out his burnt lightsaber handle. Qui-Gon inspects it, as JarJar pulls himself out of the mud.

 

QUI-GON : You forgot to turn your power off again, didn't you?

OBI-WAN: (Nods sheeplishly) It's turning into a dreadful day.

QUI-GON : It won't take long to recharge, but this is a lesson you should have learned by now.

OBI-WAN : Yes, Master Qui-Gon.

JAR JAR : You saved me again, Sir!

OBI-WAN : Who's this?

QUI-GON : A local. Let's go before we're discovered.

 

Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon start to run. JarJar tries to keep up.

 

JAR JAR : Excuse me... Excuse me, Sirs! (The Jedi turn to look at him, relatively annoyed at being stopped) I don't know where you're headed but the safe choice would be Otoh-Gunga. ) Just... thought I'd help out. (He receives confused stares from the Jedi).

OBI-WAN: Otoh- what?

JAR JAR : It's the Capitol city of the Gungans... My city.

QUI-GON: A city! Can you take us there?

JAR JAR: Yes! Actually...on second thought... there may be other...

QUI-GON : What seems to be the problem JarJar?

JAR JAR : Now that you mention it... I've sort of been... banished. Just a little. OK, let's go somewhere el-

OBI-WAN: Banished? (Qui-Gon looks at JarJar sternly)

JAR-JAR: (sighs sadly) They really won't be happy to see me.

 

A pulsating sound and bombs are heard in the distance.

 

QUI-GON : You hear that?

 

JarJar winces as if to say 'yes'.

 

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) That's the sound of a thousand terrible things heading this way...

OBI-WAN : And the longer we stand here, the greater the chances of them finding us and blasting us into oblivion. Up to you, really.

JAR JAR : Right. (he winces again as another blast goes off) To Otoh-Gunga. (He turns and runs into the swamp.)

 


EXT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - TWILIGHT

 

Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan and JarJar run into a murky lake and stop. The transports are heard in the distance.

 

QUI-GON : Much farther?

JAR JAR : Now we go underwater.

 

Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan pull out small capsules from their utility belts that turn into breathing masks.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) But I warn you- Gungans don't like outlanders. So don't expect a warm welcome.

OBI-WAN : Don't worry, this hasn't been our day for warm welcomes.

 

JarJar jumps and dives into the water. Breath masks on, the Jedi slowly wade in after him.

 

 


EXT. NABOO LAKE - UNDERWATER

 

The Jedi swim behind JarJar, who is very much at home in the water. Down they swim into murky depths. In the distance the glow of Otoh-Gunga, an underwater city made up of large bubbles, becomes more distinct. They approach the strange, art-nouveau habitat. It's glowing with life and is undisturbed by the chaos unraveling on the planet's surface. JarJar swims through one of the bubble membranes, which seals behind him. The Jedi follow.

 


INT. OTOH GUNGA - CITY SQUARE

 

Gungans in the square are instantly on guard when they see the strange outlanders. They are a warlike race and very wary of non-Gungans. Four guards armed with long electro-poles ride two-legged creatures into the square. The guards, led by CAPTAIN TARPALS, point their lethal poles at the dripping trio.

 

JAR JAR : (mumbling to Obi-Wan) Don't make eye contact. Act natural.

CAPT. TARPALS : Enough of this, JarJar Binks. You're going straight to the Bosses. You're in serious trouble this time.

JAR JAR : (Capt. Tarpals gives JarJar a slight zap with his power pole) Ow, not again.

 

JarJar jumps and moves off with the Captain, followed by the Jedi.

 


INT. OTOH GUNGA - HIGH TOWER BOARD ROOM

 

The Bosses' Board Room has bubble walls, with small lighted fish swimming around outside like moving stars. A long circular judge's bench filled with Gungan Officials dominates the room. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan stand facing BOSS NASS, who sits on a bench higher than the others. He is a large Gungan, clearly the most distinguished of the group, with deep eyes and a commanding presence that dominates the area. He speaks heavily as if weighing everything in his mind before sharing his words.

 

BOSS NASS : You defy banishment by being here, JarJar. And you... who are you, outlanders?

QUI-GON : I am Qui-Gon Jinn and this is Obi-Wan Kenobi. We are Jedi Knights sent by the Supreme Chancellor Valorum to protect the interests of the Naboo. A droid army is about to attack. We must warn those above ground.

BOSS NASS : Hmmm... Jedi outlanders- here! In Otoh-Gunga! It would please you to know that our relationship with the Naboo is... complicated. Why do they need you to warn them?

OBI-WAN : Consider that once those droids are done with the surface, they will come to root you out next.

BOSS NASS : Not if they do not know of our presence here.

OBI-WAN: You cannot possibly hope to hide beneath the depths forever. They will find you, sooner or later.

QUI-GON : You and the Naboo form a symbiotic circle. What happens to one of you will affect the other. You must understand this.

BOSS NASS : The nature of our relationship is none of your concern, Jedi outlanders. It is between us and them. 

QUI-GON : (frustrated, waves his hand) Then be so kind as to speed us on our way.

BOSS NASS : The sooner you take your surface troubles away the better. Be gone with you.

QUI-GON : We need a transport.

BOSS NASS : Then we will grant you a transport. The speediest way will be to go through the planet core.

QUI-GON : Thank you for your help. We go in peace.

 

The Jedi turn to leave, even as Boss Nass continues to eye them with distrust. They notice that JarJar has been put in chains and is likely waiting to hear his verdict. Qui-Gon stops and JarJar gives him a worried look.

 

JAR JAR : It's a set-up; going through the planet core is suicide! You'll never make it to the surface.

 

Qui-Gon looks at JarJar who is now even more nervous for having helped out and enraged Boss Nass.

 

OBI-WAN : We are short of time.

QUI-GON : It seems we'll need a guide to navigate us through the core. This Gungan may be of help.

 

Qui-Gon walks back to Boss Nass.

 

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) What is to become of JarJar Binks here?

BOSS NASS : Binks has caused us enough trouble with his empty-headed ways. First he doesn't know how to stay put and now we can't get him to stay away! What is to become of JarJar, indeed?

QUI-GON : He has been a great help to us. I hope the punishment will not be too severe.

BOSS NASS : It won't be banishment this time- that I promise you (he looks sternly at JarJar, who gulps) The punishment for exposing us to outlanders is... most severe.

 

Obi-Wan now looks concerned and Qui-Gon is thinking.

 

QUI-GON : Boss Nass, I have saved Jar Jar Binks' life. Twice. I am told that your laws demand he re-pay his life-debt.

BOSS NASS : Binks! Does the Jedi outlander speak true?

 

JarJar nods enthusiastically.

 

BOSS NASS : Then his life is bound to your fate now... And that is punishment enough. Be gone with him!

 

JAR JAR : (suddenly becoming aware of this more dangerous turn of events) On second thought-

OBI-WAN: Oh, come on.

 

 


EXT. NABOO CITY - UNDERWATER - SUB (FX)

 

A crooked, dinky little submarine propels itself away from Otoh-Gunga, leaving the glow of the settlement in the distance.

