The Other Side of the Sea - Chapter 1 - wolfiefics - Star Wars Prequel Trilogy [Archive of Our Own]

URL: https://archiveofourown.org/works/24154267 
Saved: 2020-05-15 
Published:  2020-05-13
Updated:  2020-05-15
Words:  13571
Chapters:  4/11
Comments:  20
Kudos:  26
Bookmarks:  5
Hits:  150
Rating:  Mature
Archive Warning:  Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:  M/M
Fandom:  Star Wars Prequel Trilogy
Relationship:  Qui-Gon Jinn/Obi-Wan Kenobi
Characters:  Qui-Gon JinnObi-Wan KenobiOriginal Male Character(s)Original Female Character(s)
Additional Tags:  Merman!Qui-GonJedi!Obi-Wanstarship wreckedqui-gon to the rescueAdventureslearning about the ForceStrangers to LoversQui-Gon learns things he never dreamed of beforeFighting the Dark Sidehappy ever afterEnd meeting with YodaMace Windu - FreeformCount Dooku - FreeformNo Dooku isn't evilBut he was Obi-Wan's mastersafe to say this is AU
Language:  English

Summary:
When Obi-Wan Kenobi crashes mysteriously on the water world of Nandia, he meets Qui-Gon of the Clan Jinn, who agrees to help him get rescued. Neither of them predicted the extent of their adventures, that they would fall in love, or that defeating the Dark Side was the key to their future.


Chapter 1

Chapter Text

And now have I put in here, as thou seest, with ship and crew, while sailing over the wine-dark sea to men of strange speech.. – Homer The Illiad Part of Book 1, line 180.

 

 

Obi-Wan Kenobi was losing control. Not of his emotions, oh no, he had fine control over them. There was clearly alarm, a hint of panic, and the resolution that he was not going to die. With the ship, however, there was not so much control.

Once he broke the atmosphere the downward trajectory turned into a nauseating spiral nose-dive. No matter what he did, he couldn’t regain control of anything. Nandia was a water world with a few island chains that were mostly volcanic, and making a controlled crash was not a good option, even if he could figure out how to do that.

Fighting with all he could, and liberal manipulation of the Force, Obi-Wan managed to level out the nose-dive somewhat. Enough, hopefully, that hitting the water wouldn’t completely disintegrate the ship. It was going to hurt, but it would hopefully hurt less.

Then the ship hit something. The descent was dramatically slowed until, impossibly, it was all but gently settled on the pristine blue ocean stretching out his view window as far as he could see.

Obi-Wan sat there for a dumbfounded minute, unable to comprehend just what exactly happened. The inundation of water seeping in at his feet, though, woke him from his amazed stupor and got him moving. The ship was made for space travel, not water.  He needed to gather supplies and get out before he sunk with the ship.

He thanked whatever Gods were watching over him at the moment that he was alone. All he had to worry about was himself.

He grabbed his rucksack from behind his pilot’s chair and headed for the small galley, term used loosely. He shoved everything that could be remotely considered edible into it. He then went to the small side room near the exit and dug around for anything that could possibly keep him afloat when exhaustion of constantly treading water and swimming kicked in. Jedi or not, he could still drown.

While it was too much to hope for a raft, there was, strangely, a life preserver jacket. He buckled himself into it and popped open the hatch, water lapping the edge. Thankful that Jedi rucksacks were damned near indestructible and thus waterproof, he dove into the sparkling blue water. Surfacing, he shoved his copper hair out of his face and began to swim. As he did so, he considered what information he knew of Nandia.

Not a member of the Galactic Republic, Nandia did have sentient life. They lived in deep, underwater cities, not exactly primitive but it wasn’t like they needed energy weapons, droids or starships. Obi-Wan knew they were territorial and clannish, but not given to much war and bloodshed due to distance between settlements. It was a big planet, with lots of ocean to share. What reproduction was like or birthrates, Obi-Wan didn’t know, but apparently not high enough that there were skirmishes over territory.

Nandia had an unusual status within the Republic, a kind of protected state given to planets with rare and endangered species. The oceans were salty and there was plenty of sea life to harvest, so it would be safe to assume there would be contention for exploitation. Yet there wasn’t. Everyone seemed content to just leave Nandia alone, ignored and forgotten. While that was ideal for the Nandians, it wasn’t going to help Obi-Wan much in terms of a potential rescue.

Obi-Wan had no idea how to contact any Nandians. Once the dizziness from the spiraling entrance faded, he’d not glimpsed anything resembling land whatsoever. What sort of sea life he would be dealing with, Obi-Wan knew even less. It was safe to say, however, with his recent luck it was liable to be predatory. His lightsaber would be of limited use and, if used consistently, would eventually short out from being water-logged.

‘I have a bad feeling about this,’ he thought to himself but he continued to swim. He paused a moment and looked behind him at the ship. It was almost completely submerged. He was well and truly stranded.

‘A bad, bad feeling,’ he amended and began to swim once more.



Qui-Gon watched the stranger swim on the water. The being didn’t look like one of the People. He had no fins or tail, the bottom of his body split and flailing about in the water as his arms propelled him forward. He wore…something…over his body, covering nearly all of it. The metal monster he’d arrived in was sinking beneath the surface. Temporary land? But he’d come from the sky.

Qui-Gon followed the stranger, out of curiosity and also because he knew this stranger would not survive the ocean without help. Qui-Gon had heard stories from the elders of people who came from the stars, who could live on the bits of land jutting out from the massive oceans. They didn’t breathe water and used a flickering heat to warm their food. It had all seemed fantastical to Qui-Gon, but here he was, watching one of these beings in the flesh.

The universe was indeed an amazing place.

Qui-Gon dove deep enough that he remained full immersed yet shallow enough he could follow the stranger’s progress. Such an ungainly body. Awkward and almost clumsy in the water. All that splashing around. The stranger was going to attract predators doing that.

That thought arrested Qui-Gon a moment. He couldn’t allow the stranger to be eaten. The elders said the People had pledged to help anyone from the stars who came. In return they would be protected from those from the stars who would harm them. Qui-Gon was obliged by that promise to help this being.

He needed to find out how to communicate. There was an outcropping of rocks the stranger could go to and be out of the water but how it would eat or do anything else Qui-Gon had not the slightest notion. Yes, he should approach, make friendly overtures, get the stranger out of the water before it got eaten by something Qui-Gon couldn’t protect it from.

The stranger stopped its odd swimming motions, legs swishing about to maintain buoyancy. Now was the time, Qui-Gon decided, and he went forward with a powerful swish of his tail. He decided to appear before the stranger. He could breathe above water, no problem, but somehow he doubted the stranger would be able to breathe under it.

With brave determination he maneuvered himself in front of the stranger’s position and broke through the ocean’s surface. He needed to look friendly, helpful, non-threatening. He wanted to make a good impression.



Obi-Wan’s Force sense was going haywire. There was something in his immediate vicinity but he couldn’t gauge if it was friend or foe. He tread water, scouring the horizon in all directions in a vain hope of something even remotely resembling land. He looked over his shoulder; the ship was entirely submerged. Nothing showed. When he faced forward, he gave a start.

There was a man staring at him!

His hand went to his lightsaber clipped securely to his belt, even as he evaluated the situation. The man wasn’t making any threatening moves, with only head and neck bobbing above the water. Long brown hair floated on top of the water and his eyes were as blue as everything else on this planet.

The Republic really needed to assign waterproof protocol droids for anyone even passing through the Nandia system.

“Hello,” he ventured in a friendly tone.

The man’s head tipped to the side inquiringly. Whoever he was he didn’t speak Standard. This was going to be a problem.

“You couldn’t possibly point me in the direction of land?” Obi-Wan asked hopefully.

The man blinked those deep blue eyes at him but didn’t respond.

Obi-Wan took a deep breath and muttered, “Right.” One direction was as good as another, so he twisted to his left and began to swim.

He’d gone four strokes before the man appeared in front of him, blocking his way. Broad, naked shoulders were now apparent, making Obi-Wan’s mouth go dry. What he could see, the skin was flawless and sunkissed. ‘By all the little gods,’ he berated himself, ‘what is wrong with you?’

“Wrong direction?” he noted. He pointed over his shoulder. “Should I go that way?”

The man frowned in concentration and a huge blue-green tail breeched the water, shimmering and glinting in the sunshine, dazzling Obi-Wan’s eyes. The man dove, tail flicking above water and then disappearing entirely. Obi-Wan looked around frantically, wondering if he was about to be attacked and from which direction, when there was a splash behind him. He turned and there was the man, long muscular arm raised and pointing.

“Right then. I’m trusting you, my friend,” Obi-Wan muttered and began to swim in the direction the Nandian pointed.

He swam, and he swam, and he swam. He tread water to rest every once in awhile but it was a poor substitute to actual rest. It didn’t help he’d been up 48 Standard hours before this on a grueling mission of failed peace keeping and running for his life. He’d barely left the planet alive. Now Obi-Wan was stretching his already thin reserves to the breaking point. If he was honest with himself, he wasn’t sure how much more he could go on.

His guide, for lack of a better word, kept pace with him, a curious expression on his face every time Obi-Wan caught a glimpse of him. Had this Nandian never seen an off-worlder? Likely not. Obi-Wan was as much a strange entity to him as he was to Obi-Wan.

Finally, Obi-Wan’s limits were reached. His arms and legs were lead weights, his breathing was erratic, and he desperately wanted to just sleep.

“Please,” he called out and the man looked back at him. “I’m tired,” Obi-Wan told him with little hope of being understood. “I can’t go anymore. I need food and sleep.”

The man blinked at him, head tilted again consideringly. Obi-Wan stretched out his Force sense and tapped into the man’s innate presence there, sending through his exhaustion and hunger, hoping it would be received and understood.

Dawning realization flickered over the Nandian’s face and strong arms enveloped Obi-Wan. Instinctually, Obi-Wan relaxed. It took some odd hand gestures before Obi-Wan realized the Nandian wanted Obi-Wan to come around behind him and grip his shoulders. Obi-Wan did so and soon the powerful tail pumped, the water swirling around Obi-Wan’s legs and they were speeding through the water with grace and ease.

Obi-Wan wanted to relax but knew he couldn’t. The Nandian obviously realized Obi-Wan needed land and was taking him there. How far it was though, Obi-Wan couldn’t guess. The dangers ahead he couldn’t guess either.

Gods, he was so tired.



The stranger, and Qui-Gon was certain now it was a he, was holding onto his shoulders with a strong, calloused grip. Whatever he encased his body with was rough against Qui-Gon’s skin and scales but was obviously a separate entity. Qui-Gon had no word for it.

There was a presence in the stranger, it reached out to Qui-Gon and seemed to communicate for him. Qui-Gon understood clearly the off-worlder’s exhaustion and hunger. Now that Qui-Gon was doing the bulk of the swimming they would make better time to the rocks so the stranger could rest.

It was relative safety, at least, and then Qui-Gon could go and fetch the elders, tell them what he’d found and let them decide what was to be done with the stranger.

The off-worlder was strangely beautiful, though, Qui-Gon mused to himself. His hair was a color similar to a sunset and his eyes a changeling color a bit like the sea around them when it was stormy. His body was fit, presumably, considering the amount of energy he’d used splashing about in that odd swimming manner. Trim, lithe but ungainly in the water, no doubt he was not so on land.

Off-worlders. So strange.

Yet very intriguing. Very, very intriguing.

The stranger’s grip on his shoulders eased and then slipped. Qui-Gon twisted in a flash and caught him before he sank beneath the surface of the ocean. Exhaustion had caught up. The stranger was still conscious but severely weakened. He spoke, but Qui-Gon had no idea what he said.  That presence within the off-worlder seemed apologetic.

Qui-Gon could swim backward, though it was awkward, but he did so, clasping the stranger tight in his arms and keeping his head above water. The rocks weren’t far now. Dark was setting in also. This was not a good time for someone as helpless as his off-worlder to be in the water.

Qui-Gon sped up his swim.



Obi-Wan struggled to stay awake. He didn’t understand why he felt so weak. He’d gone longer with no sleep and food. He had no injuries that he could account for. Was there something in the Nandian atmosphere he was reacting to? His mind was sluggish, he couldn’t think.

The rhythmic movement of his Nandian protector lulled him into a trance-like state, almost like meditation. How long had it been since he’d done that? Therefore, it was jarring when the rhythm stopped. He became more alert and looked up.

There were rocks right in front of him, jutting out. Not much room on them, admittedly, but the most wondrous thing Obi-Wan had seen since crashing on this planet. What little energy he’d managed to recoup he used to climb on the rock ledge, with the Nandian’s support, and just collapsed.

There was an expectation in the air and he opened his eyes. The Nandian, handsome face screwed up in an earnest expression, was watching him. The sun was setting, the air still warm but for how long Obi-Wan didn’t know. Soaked to the bone as he was, if it turned cold, he was going to be miserable.

Then the Nandian spoke for the first time.

It was lilting, musical even though guttural. The words were formulated similarly in vocal standards as many species in the galaxy. There was a lot of gesturing accompanying the speech, pointing down to the watery depths or sweeping about to the endless horizon in all directions.

“I’ll stay here,” Obi-Wan replied, though he didn’t know if that was what was being relayed. “I’ll sleep, I have a little bit of food. Do what you need to do, just come back, okay?”

The Nandian let out a frustrated huff and dove, disappearing beneath the waves and leaving Obi-Wan completely alone. He stretched out his senses but felt nothing dangerous nearby. That could change, admittedly, but at this point Obi-Wan didn’t think he cared.

He needed sleep. He needed food. He’d make plans on what to do after those needs were met. Presumably his Nandian savior was going for assistance from his people. Surely there was someone who knew how to speak with off-worlders. Treaties had been negotiated and assurances of protection made.

Obi-Wan stretched out best he could on his meager land, used the slippery-wet rucksack for a pillow and went into a light sleep.

